Michael yo yes
back from the brink it's crazy you are
the first guy that I well my friend
Sturgill got it and I talked to him but
he didn't get it real bad like how bad
is not real bad okay he was like a
little fatigued yeah yeah attempt to
give me the full rundown for people
don't know what we're talking about
you got coronavirus you one of the first
to get it that I know you got it right
after you were on this podcast you run
this podcast you flew to New York did
Gotham for four shows little rundown
yeah little rundown as soon as I landed
I did Wendy Williams on Monday and then
I flew back and went to Vegas for a day
as soon as I got back and then had three
auditions so I was rundown and that
weekend we feel sick already
no just no I just tired tired but I mean
we're always tired right even rode the
road gets you yeah and I was I was
moving all the time and very stressful
you know you're trying to perform you're
trying to learn lines for an audition so
I was very stressed out I was traveling
a lot and that was like my third weekend
in a row so it wasn't sleep much sleep
yeah I get great sleep but you know with
two kids like they're both at the age
where you know you have to have both
eyes on them do you ever wear a sleep
monitoring device or anything that I
have but I loop strap no I've never worn
that but I get eight to nine hours of
sleep every night like I'm a great
sleeper okay like I sleep through
anything so it wasn't the sleep thing I
was just I was just tired overworked
maybe but Saturday that's Saturday I
didn't feel right my temperature went up
to like 101 this is you flewed in New
York what day it was I performed I was
there Wednesday which would have been
I'm guessing a dates May 4th I mean yeah
March 4th March 4th I performed the 6th
and 7th stayed the 8th did Wendy
Williams on the 9th flew back on that
Monday went to Vegas Tuesday morning
came back that same day then what'd you
do in Vegas besides
now we were you know we are visiting her
parents my wife's parents with the kids
and then buddy was partying no part it
was drive in and drive out but that's
exhausting that's ten hours on the road
yeah and then dealing with two kids in a
car and then the three auditions and
then that Saturday I didn't feel right
and this is you gotta remember what I
performed in New York there's only 11
deaths and it was like 3,000 cases
that's how much this thing has changed
but Saturday I didn't feel right 101 it
went I said I should isolate myself
because I in New York that's all you
heard about so I was like let me just be
safe and isolate so let's let's break
this down so you leave Wednesday you go
to New York do a couple of different TV
things yep then you do the weekend at
Gotham and then you fly home and then
you go to Vegas on Tuesday and then you
drive home on Wednesday back Tuesday
night to told Jesus yeah so in and out
in one day in and out in one day and
then Wednesday Thursday Friday audition
then Saturday I was like okay this is my
rest day and then I woke up and
something just didn't feel right
hmm so I was going okay it's probably
the road you know I'm stressed Road so
it's about during the day I hang out
isolate myself but I'm between 100 and
101 second day I'm like 101 102 but I'm
still like look imma beat this thing
they say stay at home because at that
time they said if you have symptoms stay
at home because they're taking the more
serious cases
so the Sunday Sunday came around I kind
of went down a little I was taking
aspirin a lot of aspirin because one
doctor at the time said take it every
four hours and I was also taking aspirin
and something else to bring your
temperature down I forgot what it was
but Oh tie aspirin and but you said when
you started taking ibuprofen that's when
it fucked you up that's when I felt it
did so Sunday I started getting this
massive headache so that's when I really
started popping aspirin three every
three hours but aspirin or ibuprofen it
with ibuprofen that's a big difference
between aspirin ibuprofen ibuprofen is a
nonsteroidal and okay well okay I was
thinking I was taking advil whatever add
that is a non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory okay this is what I
keep hearing and almost has been
substantiated that you shouldn't take
ibuprofen while you have this okay well
whatever reason I don't know what that
is I don't know I don't know if that's
been discredited or is that is that real
I don't know either so I was taking a
lot of Advil
okay a lot of advil in Tylenol to bring
the fever down so I got it down on
Sunday but then I had a massive headache
so then they said well your
temperature's going down
this was our doctor friend your
temperature's going down just hit the
advil so I hit the advil Monday at noon
I couldn't breathe like gasping for air
and my wife had to call 911 to the house
to come get me so I'm gasping for air
911 one shows up they bring me outside
they throw me on this huge this oxygen
machine right away they like we've kind
of an option not a ventilator no just
just normal oxygen but they say we got
to get oxygen in you okay
and it's almost like a movie I'm the
neighbors are all out ambulance is
overlooking me you know the ambulance is
there all the neighbors are looking I
can't breathe my son is in the window
this is the worst my son is in the
window he doesn't know what's going on
but he knows it's not good and he's only
three and he's crying and I'm watching
him cry and I can't do anything I can't
breathe and literally when they picked
me up to carry me to the ambulance
because they need to get me to the
hospital right away it was the whole
window thing he put his hand up oh Jesus
it it really hurt me really bad so I get
up into the ambulance and they take me
as soon as I get to the hospital the
doctor goes you got Corona
so they take but did they do a test or
did you yes the first thing they do is
they do a chest x-ray mm-hmm and ago you
got double pneumonia in Corona
let's double pneumonia when it's on in
both lungs okay so double pneumonia and
you have Corona we believe but we gotta
test you so they you know swab me and
stuff but they took all the precautions
like a had Corona I was a first Corona
pay
at this hospital this how early it was
you know so they took me to ICU and the
doctor came in and I go hey this is
escalating real and I'm still can't
breathe I go am I gonna make it
and he goes we'll know in two days it's
gonna go really good or really bad and
we'll know in two days
and every nurse or doctor that came in
when they can't tell you if you're gonna
make it or not
you know they try to comfort you but
they can't really say you're gonna make
it and it and I was in the worst pain
I've ever felt in my life to wear head I
mean just think about the worst migraine
you've ever had
times 100 my body was hot and cold it
would get so hot my temperature got up
to a hundred and three point eight and
they had to bring it down and dinner
would go up to a hundred three point
eight again I couldn't move my body was
aching literally the second night I was
there and I and I know this is the wrong
thing that thing but if they had a eject
button on life I may hit it I was in
that much pain like that I couldn't even
think clearly it I can't put into words
how bad it was for me so your head your
body every everything where you just
want it to be over
it's either you're gonna make it you're
like and it was so bad where you want to
think about your family but I was in so
much pain you know I thought about him
but it was I can't make it this is this
is the end and I can't see my family
because they already told me that no one
can come into the hospital and I'm
texting my wife lying to her saying hey
babe I'm gonna make it through I'm gonna
make it through word I'm talking to my
parents gone this may not go well you
know and my parents the first thing I
texted my parents is I'm scared I'm
never texted them something like that
and they knew how serious it was and I
said look Claire is my wife Claire is at
home with the two kids I can't let her
worry about this you know she was
already stressed out enough she
saw enough you know so I'm in there and
the doctor says that no one can come see
you so I'm going if these are the last
two days of my life I'm gonna die alone
in this hospital and and it just broke
me up so bad that you know I've taken
care of myself I've done everything I
can you know to take care of myself and
why am i lying in this bed right now you
know and it was a thing where when I did
think about my wife it was I will never
see my wife and two kids again you know
that that's all that went through my
mind is like I it did they put you on a
ventilator no my doctor saved my life
my doctor said if we put you on a
ventilator he said that he says because
a nurse brought her up should we put him
on a ventilator and he goes no way if we
put him on a ventilator he's gonna die
because his body is gonna say okay this
machine is breathing for us we don't
need to work anymore and your body shuts
down if you heard in New York 80% of
people put on ventilators died and
that's why you think I think that's why
I survived I've heard that I've heard
that being speculated by other doctors
as well and it's very controversial
because so many doctors put people on
ventilators and the last thing they want
to hear is another doctor saying you've
put someone on a ventilator they will
die but you know that my doctor said
that straight up in the room in front of
me to the nurses like if we put him on
it he's gonna die because his thing was
it just makes sense why he would because
now this machine is gonna breathe for
him so his body's not gonna it's like
working out you don't work out a muscle
it gets weak right this machine is doing
how you're lifting so why would we want
to put them on that unless it's it's
just we have to put them on it you know
but you've heard doctors were putting on
people so fast because their oxygen
levels were so low right they're like
this isn't this is not normal so we need
to do something to get their oxygen
level up I think doctors are like
everything else right there's really
good ones then there's ones that aren't
as good no it's true with everything
else with everything carpenters plumbers
everything everything and it's really I
look back I'm still now I've become very
close to him and the dude
my life cuz if I went on a ventilator
bro I don't I may not be here because
I'm still on a ventilator they kind of
knock you out out yeah you're
unconscious literally that machine is
doing all your breathing so what did
they give you
what kind of medication did they give
you while you were out I'm healthy don't
drink don't do drugs I was the perfect
test subject maybe that's a problem
motherfucker went on a bender listen to
this I gave it to my mom okay so she
gets home she didn't tell me why I was
in the hospital she beat it in one day
and she talks shit to me now Oh see I
beat it in one day I have one fever you
know and then she tells me let's cut you
to healthy unique carbs now she's a
doctor now she's a doctor but I gave it
to my mom she beat in one day but well
she probably wasn't run down
no dude run down is the thing man you
know look I'm a guy I take a lot of
vitamins I work out a lot I get in the
song every day but I just flew back from
Florida I saw you to Florida and came
back yesterday I felt like dogshit and
just from the flight man just from the S
one day so I scheduled an IV vitamin
drip I had the vitamin drip people come
to my house hit me with glutathione zinc
vitamin C everything and I felt better
almost immediately yeah you gotta take
care of yourself and by - yeah how I
don't want to get off me but like how
how was that spacing at this venue for
you during the fight cuz cuz it sounded
like y'all are next to each other and
then I heard like in a story y'all were
separate it we were about as far as
Jamie is about as far as John Anik was
and then DC was like a little further
than that because there was a separation
there's a like the Octagon post and so
for him to get a better angle he
couldn't be sitting around in front of
the post so they moved his table like
another he was probably 15 20 feet from
me somewhere around that where people do
you feel that I feel like fighter you
know fighters are tough you know and I
feel like the audience is too
to end the people associated with it
it's tough did they move around freely
or was it really like oh I need to stay
away from here's the deal
everyone was tested everyone in fact one
guy tested positive he was asymptomatic
shocker a Sosa who was on the card and
he had an inkling that he might test
positive because he had a family member
that had it and he was super healthy
ready to fight but had it in his system
and so they removed him from the card
and he had been wearing a mask and
gloves the entire time he was there and
everyone else had wristbands on the
wristbands showed that you'd been tested
they had temperature monitors he had all
these different things but everybody had
been tested thoroughly tested for
antibodies tested for the swag at the
swab up the nose I got everything done
so Wow and then when I got home I
immediately got swab again I got a swab
yesterday and then I got the vitamin
drip and everything like that oh but I
didn't get much sleep
Saturday night because I was flying back
8 o'clock in the morning fights were
done I was back in my hotel around 2:30
so I crashed woke up early got to the
airport took off landed and then just
kind of took it easy yesterday but until
I got the vitamin drip I was dragging I
was feeling but and that's what happens
when you fly and you'd flown a couple of
times for a period of time and then that
drive to Vegas all that stuff you have
to think of your immune system like
troops you know you really do if there's
a battle to be fought you're you're look
if your body was like your mom's where
you you know you had a good night's
sleep every night no traveling you can
fight off a lot more shit but when you
do those trips especially this is one
thing that I'm getting out of this
quarantine is man I feel so much better
when I don't travel oh yeah so much
better when I wasn't dying I feel great
I feel great now I feel great now yeah
rest is a big thing it's everything it's
everything and you know I'm gonna change
my travel schedule in the future because
even this trip this trip I wanted to
just get in and get the fuck out of
Florida and get back home and and you
know but then after I did it I was like
it would been wiser if I left at like 6
p.m.
or something like that like just kind of
chill out give myself plenty time to
sleep sleep some fully recovered and
then you know have some breakfast then
go to the airport you know take a 3 p.m.
flight or some shit how was it with
nobody in there did you enjoy the
experience I wanted to do it because
I've never done that before and I
watched the one card from Brazil they
had Kevin Lee versus Charles Oliveira
fought in Brazil and I watched on TV and
I was like god that's so strange because
like Gilbert burns he knocked out Demian
Maia and then he yells out poha you know
there's something Brazilian saying and
empty arena and I was watching like
that's so strange
he's screaming and there's no one there
there's no no audience reaction like Wow
so I decided like I got to do one so
when Dana White asked me if I wanted to
do it I was like yeah I want do one I
definitely wanted do you feel like the
fighters were listening to you a hundred
percent were they they made adjustments
because things that DC said so Cormier
you know we're all right so you're that
close oh yeah well we are at the Octagon
okay okay we're still at the Octagon
we're right in front of the Octagon okay
I could reach up and touch the Octagon
so when well it's actually a little bit
further than we usually are but still
closer now like like where that Wallace
okay pretty close and you know DC's
giving them points he's like pointers
he's saying you know he's got to check
those leg kicks and make adjustments
like he was talking about Carla Esparza
and Carla Esparza backstage gave DC
credit for like what what the advice
that he was saying in the commentary was
the adjustments that she'd made that's
great yeah I was weird
you know I loved watching like I watched
the prelims but I loved it because you
could hear everything because normally
so loud yeah but when somebody hits
somebody it's in the face you could hear
it but especially to the body
yeah oh my it was like a thump and then
you hear the other person oh yeah I'm it
changed the game for me on UFC where you
I think a lot of people appreciate it
more
we're not having a crowd yell where you
really get to feel the pain mm-hmm
because when it's loud you don't you see
somebody fall but you don't really okay
it's not but when you hear it yeah oh
there's different things going on right
it's like there's the energy of the
crowd that that's a factor that's a real
thing like there's something magical
about a wild finish in front of a packed
house at the t-mobile Arena yeah
everybody's screaming and cheering like
wow or like when Conor McGregor walks to
the Octagon and everybody's going crazy
there's something to that it's valuable
but there's also something to just the
spectacle of Tony Ferguson and just
engage he just going at it I mean like
wild five-round slugfest with no
audience do you think that fight would
have been different if a crowd was there
no no no I don't think so maybe but I
don't think so it's possible I think
Justin had a game plan and he executed
it brilliantly
and I think Ferguson mean he's always
gonna be Tony Ferguson he's one of the
toughest men that's ever walked the face
of the earth but I think he was
preparing for a grappler now he's
preparing for khabib nurmagomedov and
that fight didn't take place it was
supposed to take place in April so he'd
been training for khabib by the way this
is a fifth time that fight was canceled
the fifth time the fight with Tony could
be was canceled so Tony's been training
for khabib for fucking years right so
he's ready for this elite grapple or
takes everybody down smashes him he's
trying to he's sitting in a cutting up
from the bottom he's thinking of
submitting him and scrambling and
getting leg locks and all these
different things that he's thinking of
and then he's fighting an all-american
wrestler who does not want to go to the
ground and it was nasty striking so it's
a totally different game plan and he has
to make an adjustment over a period of
just a few weeks and so Justin's fight
is I mean Justin always fights the same
way so Justin's adjustments Warren is
nearly as biggest Tony's Tony how to
make some some big adjustments but
Justin just fought a masterpiece the way
he fought was just magnificent and he
listened to his coaches so well there's
a point during the fight where trevor
Wittman is telling him you're hitting
him too hard you're swinging for the
bleachers you just just take about 10%
off your punches hit him with good clean
shots and he immediately made that
adjustment and then
cardio leveled out because he was
getting tired towards the end of the
second and because he was just throwing
just bombs every every shot her trying
to take 20 Ferguson's head off but you
can't knock Tony out with one shot he's
in humanly tough inhumanly tough so
justin backs it off a little bit and
just is thrown clean shots and then
winds up just dominating them and then
then they stop it in the fifth round
what's the one thing you learned like
like was there something you took away
from this experience that like you
didn't take away from any other it was
interesting it was interested I felt
very very fortunate to be there oh my
god all the people that could be here to
watch one of the greatest fights of all
time I felt super fortunate that I was
one of those people that got to be there
I felt like real fortunate for that like
everything about it I was like I was
like taken in the moment and just like
really cherishing it and like wow this
is amazing like not a lot of people get
to do this not a lot of people get to
experience this not a lot of people get
to do commentary for the UFC period but
to do commentary for championship fights
in this arena where there's no one there
so we're gonna 15 thousand seat arena
and there's maybe ten people in the
audience so why didn't need arena that
bit we were talking about that we
could've done this in the hotel yeah I'm
gonna get a conference room why they did
that but is it a spectacle of having a
big arena just to say you did it I think
there's something to that to letting
everybody know hey these are strange
strange times you know we're in the
middle of this health crisis and so this
is the response to this health crisis
we're gonna do this shit in this arena
but would you do it again because you
said you wanted to do one but it seemed
like you didn't you didn't mind it so I
enjoy well I mean I love calling fights
and I think as long as I take the right
precautions
I'm tested a lot and I'm keeping my
immune system in check and making sure
that I don't do anything that wears me
out and I did kind of fuck that up by
flying home with just a few hours sleep
on Saturday but I took care of myself on
Sunday and just hung around with the
family and we you know didn't do much
just went on a hike and hung out and
enjoyed the the summer and enjoyed the
the weather rather its beauty
whether out here right now it's not
quite summer yet but spring but I think
as long as you do that I think you can
be okay I think when you put yourself in
a position like yourself when you warn
yourself out or if you have a
compromised immune system this is my
thought and this is from talking to
numerous doctors including my own
personal doctor who's very critical well
my personal doctor is very critical
about the way we're handling this this
crisis what's he say my saying is the
most important thing is education on how
to keep your immune system healthy it's
like this is something that you're not
hearing everything is social distancing
everything is cover your mouth
everything is use hand sanitizer he goes
that's wonderful because that's all good
stuff but we need education on how to
keep your immune system strong we need
education on - I have dr. Rhonda Patrick
coming in later this week to try to
school people on what the actual
clinical tests the actual real knowledge
of what we really understand about the
immune system and supplementation and
heat shock proteins cold shock proteins
all the different various methods that
we know are actually legitimately
provably effective I think it's
interesting how all these different
facts are coming out because when I was
at the beginning of it but I've heard
from so many after I went through this
and big shout out to your fan base
because they reached out to me who
showed me so much love when I was in the
hospital and I just got out and that
means so much to me when they reached
out and it was really all love but so
many doctors reached out to me too and
said there's so much misinformation out
there and I texted you about one that
people should know about when people get
out of the hospital with corona like
there's no magical time they're saying
14 days literally when I got out the
hospital I was in the hospital for eight
days the last three days I didn't have a
fever so they let me go they said seven
days six days after that I would be fine
but another doctor told me look after
you're cleared after 14 days people
still have Corona there they're taking
the
chance that it's not contagious and
that's why hospitals don't test people
and he said this is why hospitals don't
test P before they let them go it's
because they know they still got Corona
but hopefully it's not contagious so
that's why they never test because if
they did that means people gotta stay
there two to three weeks longer and
that's the real reason he says we would
never - can you imagine when New York
was going through that like really bad I
mean they're still going through it but
when it was at its peak yeah if they
tested everybody that left most of those
people would still have Corona so that
would back up the system even more hmm
and then insurance has to pay for an
extra three weeks so I learned that I
learned that my other doctor said this
whole pre-existing conditions is
bullshit
he goes you came in he says this is how
much bullshit it is you came in if I
would have died in the hospital they
would have said my precondition was
migraines they would have gone down as
he said they there are some pre-existing
conditions that weaken your immune
system like obesity diabetes there's a
bunch of them that they're saying in New
York of the primary factors well that
one of having a really hard time with
this well he's saying though they're
using that pre-existing conditions and I
say it in quotes to let healthy or other
people almost like oh well if you don't
have this pre-existing condition you're
gonna be fine but it's not true
he's like they're using it to calm
people down he goes it's not true at all
he says I see people that are fine just
like you might I see people that do have
pre-existing conditions III see the
whole gamut it's not just people with
pre-existing conditions but they're
finding those people and highlighting
those in ease even that they're even
adding debts to that pre-existing
conditions total because they they need
some mean deaths for exist it like mine
if my pre-existing condition he said if
I were to die in that hospital he says
oh well he had migraines in his past so
they would have put that down as a
pre-existing condition well how often
you get migraines
I mean ever since I was a kid but really
well I even got I played college
football for University of Arkansas
I got so many concussions I couldn't
play anymore so and this was before the
whole concussion that so my mom made me
quit she was like you're not playing
anymore so it was a thing where but it
wasn't a condition I haven't once every
I have one every five six months maybe
but he says would you come in with since
I had migraines and they didn't know my
history of migraines but he goes we
would have had to say that was a
pre-existing condition I haven't heard
that a pre-existing condition being
migraines but I have heard diabetes as a
giant factor obesity is a giant factor
emphysema smoke cigarettes but then
there was an article recently something
I got super suspicious and I didn't even
read the articles an article it said
that nicotine may help people with
coronavirus and I was like that's the
fucking cigarette industry see the
documentary merchants of doubt' know
it's a great documentary what's it about
it's about people that are hired to go
on shows and put doubt into people's
minds about certain things that would
benefit in industry so these guys they
originally started out the same and the
documentary shows the same people would
go on these talk shows talk about
cigarettes marbles cigarettes are not
addictive this is this is not the
Marlboro Man guys these are people that
are there posing like experts and
they're on these you know those stupid
fucking talk shows on CNN and stuff we
have three windows and then there's like
Anderson Cooper there's a person to his
left and a person who's right and the
guy on the right is like cigarettes are
not addictive it's been proven you know
you web up about and he's good just
rattling it off and then you see that
same guy later in the documentary many
years later talking about climate change
it's the same thing talking about
climate change is a myth it's just a
natural cycle of the earth human beings
have nothing to do with it and it's
literally the same a human being doing
the same thing but we see that in
politics it's all spin right but this is
this is what I'm saying when I read
something about nicotine being good for
people that have the coronavirus I'm
like come on
yeah you motherfuckers involved in this
it's like well who's running tests on
let's let's try morphine yeah let's see
how heroin works on these people what
about coke you know cocaine you know
what's crazy about morphine is my
migraine was so bad in a hospital they
came in and go we're gonna give you
morphine and knock it right out why you
had Corona yes oh geez like I said they
gave me everything dude like I was
morphine why you had Corona so they gave
it to me to get rid was so bad I really
felt like I'm senshu ated your migraines
so the corona virus accentuated those
mark I it was so bad I can't even put it
in the words so when you're talking
about the pain you had you had body pain
and then your migraines on top of that
yes so you just an and hot/cold
everything so they gave me morphine ago
this knocks out any headache it worked
for five seconds five seconds and they
looked at me and they go how you feel
now I was like terrible it feels the
same then about two hours later that
came back and gave me more because I
think they can only can do it
every two hours so they had to stop
giving it to me and watch it this is how
this is how I was a test subject get out
of mine because I'm living but uh
hydroxychloroquine that was big at the
time yeah I'm watching this on the news
literally
the president says trying to attract the
clerk and all the doctors or yes no yes
no yes no they come in with it well they
got on bed I'm in bed this is my first
day they come in with it I'm watching
news and they're talking about it they
come in is like what are you giving me
oh drops of chloroquine
so they give it to me then two hours
later they come in what are you giving
me oh the HIV drug so now they put two
drugs and then they're pumping all kinds
of shit at me I don't even know what
they give us was it trying things
they're trying things on me because they
don't know they don't know that's what's
so crazy right this is not like
pneumonia where people have had it for a
hundred years or a thousand years they
don't know this is a new thing so a day
and a half goes by I'm in probably worse
pain they take me off of
hydroxychloroquine and I go this is
after
like weeks after I got a hospital-wide
you take me off because where your body
was at that time it couldn't handle it
it was not a good fit so we had to take
you off so I must have got worse
overnight and I'm just guessing here but
they must have saw something get worse
my lungs were still filling up with
fluid so they kept me on the HIV drug in
whatever else they were given to me but
it was it's like I still have fluid in
my lungs
they said it would take 12 we till I uh
yeah they said any weeks you've been out
now eight Wow
and I'm so weak literally I just they
just approved I am like they just
approved me to start working out last
week so I did my first lift society
class online and I could like usually I
could do like 10 to 15 pull-ups each set
I could do to two pumps and I'm just
weak like I still get winded like when I
talk a lot
I'll get winded and I'll just have to
catch my breath oh man I'm telling you
like it for me people with it real bad
it's just not oh you're over it and you
can move on you got to build back into
it it's like rebuilding your body in
your mind you know they recommend
anything as far as supplements or
anything no nothing he says it's just
rest
well he's basically done his job right
so yeah get strong and literally I was
the first person there and then by the
time I left eight days later that place
was filled with people that's how fast
it happened that's how fast it happened
and I saw people like tap it out you
know I didn't see it but I saw you know
the body has passed a lot and I'm like
wow how many people died while you were
there I saw one and that's when it
really hit me that and I got close to
nurse I go did they get to see it goes
nah they died in there alone they tried
to FaceTime
can you imagine yeah and then like you
see the stories walkie-talkies there
they're talking about walkie-talkies
they're talking about phone they're
talking trying to FaceTime I I don't
care if I like you're in or if I like
you like that's no way to die by
yourself no you know not not today and
it's the thing where I just want people
to know look they're opening up the
country and I get it I get the other
side too that's that's why you know I
get that people got to work people got
to get their lives back you know but you
need to be safe you need to be safe
because it's a thing like if if
president Trump said comes out and goes
hey we're gonna do herd immunity you
know you're prepared for that but right
now we don't know what to expect
we've gone from 60,000 debts now they're
saying it's gonna be 137 thousand like
what's going on you know we only know
what they tell us
mm-hmm you know but I'm finding out
there's so much more stuff we don't know
because they don't know right now you're
finding out that kids like a very small
amount of kids are getting it you know
and I don't understand the whole thing
about just not being careful or safe
because it's not about you it's about
other people like these like the whole
thing about well you know a lot of
blacks and Hispanics are getting it you
know yeah because they're working out
all these essential jobs they're at your
grocery stores they're there they're
doing the jobs that a lot of people
don't do well anybody that's infinity is
yeah you're working those essential jobs
but on top of that you're probably not
eating well exactly now it's a it's a
real problem it goes hand in hand
oh yeah you know like their their whole
thing like if you can get a whole meal
two burgers and two fries and two cokes
for 399 it's a problem with that food
yeah you know right good point it's it's
making you sick
yeah you don't but that's all you can
afford right you know that is crazy that
the cheapest food is the worst for you
and the most fattening but that's the
one they you go to because you can't
afford anything
now you know you know and then you're
getting you know I and get stories about
you know like I have a bunch of Asian
friends and they're getting bullied like
it's well it's so terrible like there
was a story in Texas a dude stabbed a
guy and his two kids two and six wise
yes it happened a couple months ago a
two-year-old two-year-old six year old
in the in the guy because he thought
they were Chinese like in Texas at a
sample sale Club
what yes it's people are going nuts over
this thing you know like we're all in
this together but you don't need to take
it just because even if he was Chinese
like he's an American probably you know
he didn't bring it over here even if he
was Chinese from China yeah it's not the
person who made the fucking disease and
that's that's like yeah two year old six
Yost I just feel like this whole time
right now it's giving people and it's a
very small group of people yeah you know
and that's why I hate when certain
people go white people I know no Nana is
a very small number of white people
doing it I hate when people generalize a
group like even the whole Michigan thing
so open carry state they showed up at
this lady's office you know the
governor's the governor's office they
were carrying the rifles they were
protesting which they had every right to
and people go out here people or you see
in a social media well these white
people don't no no no there's three
hundred fifty six million people in the
United States that many now isn't it I
believe so Jesus Christ believe so
there's only 700 people there yeah you
know and probably a third of them just
wanted to protest to get their jobs back
just to go back to work yeah so you
can't generalize people and you can't
hate on people because where they're
from well you can hate on people that
are so fuckin dumb they bring guns to
the governor's house
like what that is ridiculous like what
do you do I agree are you trying to take
over the governor like what are you
doing like why are you bringing guns are
you expecting a war are you going
hunting like what are you doing what are
you bringing fucking guns that's that's
some
shit when people do that when they they
protest with like fucking coalition of
coughs and shit like what are you doing
look why do you have a rifle there was a
guy it was a clip I saw a guy was like a
white guy to a white guy I was like hey
I want my job back too but why the gun
yeah the guy was like it just walked
away it doesn't mean if you're
protesting that's the thing about the
Second Amendment and I I'm a pro Second
Amendment man I believe in it I think
it's important but there's a lot of dumb
motherfuckers out there there's a lot of
dumb dumb motherfuckers out there and
they get to have guns too I mean I
support that in a lot of ways I have to
support that if I support the Second
Amendment but it was a certain point in
time you got to go why the fuck are you
bringing a gun to Sam's Club why do you
have a fucking AKA around your waist
when you're walking through the aisles
looking for toilet paper like what are
you doing it's it's it's amazing how but
but let's be honest they're giving a
pass you got a you got a us a pass right
now to act like that because it well no
I mean you do because it's well because
the president's like those are fine
people you know yeah he said that the
other day he goes those are good people
that were protesting with the guns what
the guns those are good people it's just
it's a stupid thing to protest with guns
like what one of the nice things about
this country is that we can protest
absolutely that's a nice thing it's
beautiful it's important this is one of
the things that's been infringed upon by
this whole lockdown thing where people
you know they're being told they're then
they're not allowed to assemble it's a
gigantic part of who we are the ability
to assemble the ability to protest but I
don't think that's just what they're
doing when you're showing up with guns
you're letting them know that you're
ready to take over you're ready to do
something you might shoot somebody you
know you might if you're threatened you
might use these guns it's like okay if
if if we're in that what you're
escalating way past where we're at you
know if you if you're in a situation
where someone's saying hey
family has to starve to death hey you
have to stay home hey I don't give a
fuck about you okay then I understand
why you want to show that you have guns
and you get to get a bunch of people
together yeah hey we need to stay alive
here and we are our rights being
infringed upon but that's not what's
wrong but if you go back to the back
story you find out like I I don't know
all the facts but I know these people
that showed up to this rally they didn't
put on that rally it was by another
organization through through Facebook or
through some social media outlet that
put it together
and they told you Pindell to bring their
guns and no they just told people to pro
chat up to show up so see there we're
all pawns and there's at some point to
this political game so how can you make
this is what's amazing to me how we're
in a place where they can put wearing a
mask and make that political yeah like
that's where we are today
80,000 deaths and now it's political if
you wear a mask I don't know what it's
political if you wear a mask well I mean
most of the people that don't wear masks
are these oh I'm a Trumper like this is
what we're seeing on TV what I'm saying
is what we're being shown on TV and
that's where most of the people get
their information you know like from the
news or oh so these people are not
wearing their mask
oh they got to be they got to be
Republican not wearing a mask oh we need
more testing if you hear we need more
testing oh there must be liberal yeah
they want to test like we've made a disc
in thousands thousands eighty thousand
could be a way over a hundred and twenty
thousand political instead of it being
my hey let's all get through this
now it's political what we doing that
with everything we do yeah and that's a
problem well we'd like to kept mean
that's one of the problems with having
just two parties in this country and
having liberal and conservative which is
crazy because there's a lot of people
myself included that float in between
both of those either do I'm very liberal
but I'm also very pro-gun look things
why should you be liberal and pro-gun
like whitey and I am but I don't
understand why like if a Democrat says
something nice about a Republican
he's not a Democrat the Republican says
something nice about a dimmer oh I agree
with what they said oh no you can't be a
Republican well if you go on Fox News in
your liberal people will shame you and
get angry at you for using that platform
and I've seen it even with presidential
candidates like Tulsi Gabbard mm-hmm and
even Bernie Sanders I think that we're
in a weird place in this country where
you know it's easy to adopt a
predetermined pattern of behavior a
conglomeration of ideas whether those
ideas be conservative or liberal and the
real problem is these people that adopt
these ideas oftentimes they sent they
sink into these ideas because they're
comfortable it's easy to get if you like
say if you decide people in your
neighborhood a conservative I'm gonna be
conservative too because it's gonna make
them like me more and I'm gonna say the
things they want to hear and you know
well I trust in God I trust in God too
and they say these things so that people
will like you more and then you'll
you'll fit in your community better and
it just it's a it's a signal to the
people around you that you're complying
with the group ideology and that is more
of that's more of the case than people
simply rationally and objectively going
over these ideas you know there's
there's certain people that decide they
don't want gay folks to be married
simply because people around them have
decided that they don't want gay folks
to be married and marriage is supposed
to be between a man and a woman and you
can't tell me any different and the
Bible says and this and that and like
and I agree and if you agree
well that community will accept you but
if you were a person who goes hey Bob
why do you give a fuck you know that if
two men are in love with each other like
they clearly they're not pretending like
I don't care if obviously I have tattoos
everywhere right I don't care if you
want to get tattooed if you want to get
tattooed get tattooed if you want to be
like fucking takeshi's six nine that
dipshit and cut your face with flowers I
don't care you do what you want to do
and let's let's be honest twenty years
ago
tattoos that was like oh you're bad boy
or like you're some kind of bad person
crazy sailor or something yeah but some
some people will look at other people's
choices that don't
them at all and decide that somehow or
another it's an affront to their values
like if two men are in love with each
other and they decide to get married
somehow or another that affects you I
don't understand how it affects you any
more than I understand someone wearing
shorts versus pants affects you or
someone driving a red car versus a black
car it's nonsense it's not your life if
somehow other people being in a man
being in love with a man and marrying a
man or being with a man and living and
you know having a relationship if
somehow another that like killed all the
trees you know I'm saying and like cause
gas prices despite there's something
wrong but that's not the case no so what
the fuck do you care so as a person who
believes in Liberty I feel like you hear
all these Republicans to talk about
Liberty sitting you know I believe in
Liberty and I believe that well that's
Liberty motherfucker
yeah motherfucker letting someone do
what they want to do that's Liberty it's
not like gay is a it's this idea that
somehow or another it's not a real thing
to things on God and religion I think
religion is looking really bad right now
you know if you believe that's great but
it's looking really bad because you're
contradicting yourself all over the boy
stop you right there oh this is the same
as you saying white people when you say
religion is looking really bad that's
the same as saying why people look
really bad
it's a giant generalization you're true
very true and I take that back some
religious people yes I'm looking very
bad right now would you know why cuz
they're scared but how can you look how
are they looking bad in what way well
I'm saying
for instance god I hate to make this
political because I'm not that dude I
stay away from too late but Trump for
instance okay let's look at it let's
look at his pass let's look at there's
proof him lying pretty much every day so
for religious groups to support this man
you're contradicting your whole yeah I
think that falls into what we were
talking about earlier this this
political ideology that like he
is with us you know he is against
abortion he is against certain things
but so actually pro-gay you know Donald
Trump is that was one of the weird
things about Trump is before he ran for
president he was universally liked you
know rappers used to talk about him in
their song well he was always on talk
shows and you know he would go on
Letterman and shit and he would even go
on those talk shows and like talk shit
about Rosie O'Donnell and people thought
it was funny and now it's horrendous
it's like the same things that he has
always done now when you're in a
position of being the president you're
supposed to be a different person but
you don't feel there's a contradiction
with churches right now oh well
certainly with people that look there's
a lot of some churches excuse me let me
rephrase that some people at some
churches there's a lot of people that
will support values that are contrary to
what they're supposedly believe in if
that aids them politically if it helps
them first look there's a lot of
churches that make a lot of money and
then they don't pay taxes that to me is
one of the most offensive things about
religion the idea that Joel Olsteen
should have giant arena and fly around
in private jets and live in a castle
live in the mansions or that what's
another guy the fucking the the kovat be
gone what's that guy's name again a
scope that motherfucker that guy has got
you know he had we bought tyler perry's
private jet and shit he's a baller right
he's he's a baller for god the idea that
that guy doesn't pay taxes is offensive
and the idea that he really acts for god
like there should be not just an
investigation but there should be we
should have a trial we should have a
truck we should figure out okay is this
a violation of the whole idea behind if
I don't I don't agree with it at all
period I don't think that churches
should be able to be exempt from taxes
if they get services like we do if they
make exorbitant amounts of money and we
know they do they should have to pay
taxes I agree with you 100 percent what
did you need sir just real clear
evidence that they don't even act in
accordance to their own belief system
there's real clear evidence that they
don't even they're not even people that
are really
acting like a Christian so they're not
even acting in their own religious
ideology and yet they still don't have
to pay taxes I agree with you 100% and
now I was watching TV and they can they
can get a loan or get this taxes sent
word they can they can get money from
the government bill are coming to the
church vote so they're not getting all
that but even though even though they're
not paying taxes anyway like my wife was
like we were watching TV she goes that's
so horrible a lot of churches are going
out of business because my wife is very
religious and I go why don't they use
all the money they didn't pay on taxes
the sales law mansions have a chance
that's what I'm saying leftover bro-bro
working for Jesus Jesus here's what's
interesting to me is my wife when I made
it everybody reached out and they go oh
God had your back and the first thing I
thought was so you're saying God didn't
have everybody all 80,000 people's back
like that's messed up it is messed up
that's messed up look I'm a religious
person but I'm a religious person that
asked questions so why are you a
religious person if you're asking
questions how far you should be able to
ask question okay how far do you take it
your Christian I believe in God I don't
know a Christian like I go to a non
denomination jerk it's just hippie
churches no I get it
no no it's in Burbank it's called South
Hills whoa
Oh Burbank yours is hippy it's in
Burbank but I go to a church where look
they they don't believe in hate and all
that but it's a thing where I certain
people say certain things and when I got
all these messages God had your back God
had your back and I'm thinking about the
dude I saw rolled out why didn't God
have their back he jerked off too much
did he really thinking about guys to you
so wrong I have no comment on that it's
true it's like why would God I mean why
does God let babies die why did God let
that little kid get stabbed the little
asian baby
what year-old kid gets stabbed here's
the question then nobody can answer for
me is that if God gets all the applause
for something great happening hmm
she get all the blame for something bad
happening because obviously from what
I'm told
look I'm not a scholar on the Bible but
if
some great happens we all praise Him but
we never tend to not praise Him or say
we never tend to criticize him when a
whole plane blows up yeah or you know
and that's the that's the only problem
with the religion I have it as you say
you believe in God
where what does that mean to you when
you're saying now when you say that does
do you say that because it makes you
feel better I feel this is what I feel
is I feel every every type of tribe
before us the ones that had religion or
some type of thing they believed in mmm
they survived the ones that didn't they
cannibalize each other I think what
religion does is it keeps people will
float and makes them feel like something
betters on the other side and I think it
kind of it's the rule of law it kind of
keeps people on the right track if
nobody had religion I feel we would
cannibalize each other just from the
past we learn from the past it's the
same thing like tribes that didn't have
anything to believe in they ate each
other up well I feel like we live in a
completely different world because the
interconnectedness that we experienced
today didn't exist before so today we
have access to information and to the
vast body of work that people have
written about philosophy and ethics and
morals and I think we we can understand
why it's good to be a good person
without having to invoke a higher power
or some sort of divine spiritual entity
that's watching over everything before
that wasn't the case before when we were
establishing civilization and we were
moving from primitive groups that live
in tribes which we all came from look if
we can but the one thing that we have to
take into consideration is we are here
because some people did some really
violent shit and they made it through
because some other people were trying to
do some violent shit to them that that
is why we made it here we made it here
to this day in 2020 because our
ancestors were better at violence than
the others that's that's
really the truth I mean there's no
getting around it we we are a warlike
race of beings that have consistently
throughout history conquered each other
and done awful terrible things to each
other
and took over land and took over
resources and took over cities and took
over women I mean this is what what
people did that got them to this point
and whatever we needed to get people to
act in a more moral or ethical way
whether it's a higher power or whatever
it is to get people from just stomping
just raping and pillaging their way
across the world without any
repercussions whatsoever whatever that
is I'm all for it and it was religion
and you could argue and I think many
people probably successfully have I'm
not really aware of it but I would
imagine I'm not the first person to
bring this up that religion is in many
ways sort of a natural creation of the
human mind in the human psyche to try to
move us past our primitive tribal monkey
tendencies and move us towards some more
cooperative way of existing yeah I think
what religion gives order some type of
order and a lot of people don't want to
believe it's over when it's over well
you know what order exists when you
don't have religion you have the order
of might and that's what you have in
China okay in China you have a religion
and the religion is the state I mean
that's I mean China
people have religion over there but the
reality is what's what's running China
is a dictatorship it's a military
dictatorship and the king is the ruler
this is what they look towards and
though the state is the ruler and the
law of the state mean they do horrible
shit to their people over there and they
do this horrible shit openly in front of
everyone and they still run a billion
people yeah it's I mean that's just my
take on religion but I also know the
other side because any time I support
something also look at both sides I'm
not just blindly
I know religion is calls
more Wars than anything as well I think
people have caused more Wars but they're
using religion nice okay you're right
people cause Wars but they're using
religion to cause those wards well
they're using religion to get they have
in the past use religion to get people
to do horrible things and you know this
is the art this is the argument against
fundamentalism you know that it exists I
mean he existed in Christianity in the
past you know the Inquisition you can go
throughout the history of some horrific
things that were done in the name of
Christianity some of the most horrific
things ever but really it's people doing
these things and if they decide that
their religion is is enforcing this
behavior then they can justify these
things and you see this I mean it's what
we what you get with cults when okay
forget about religion mean we we cannot
whether or not a religion as a cult is
you know I had a bit about it where you
know a cult is created by one guy and
that guy knows it's bullshit in the
religion that guy's dead that's the
difference yeah so like like remember
the people the Heaven's Gate cult the
own wore purple night yeah balls off and
their weight and they kill themselves
when the the asteroid was coming the
whatever the comet was coming that is
that was a way where someone use
something this crazy ideology and got
people do ridiculous shit and you could
say Jonestown was another example of
that that was another cult and it was a
where this guy figured out a way to talk
these people into poisoning their
brothers and sisters and then gunning
down federal agents and killing people
and they did it all because he had them
convinced that this belief system that
he was espousing was was accurate and
correct what I don't understand because
like I said I'm a religious but I ask a
lot of questions and I don't believe the
bullshit a lot of the bullshit you know
what makes you religion
religious then I think I think I just
want to believe there's something better
and hopefully there's something guiding
all of us to a better place
after I want to believe that I want to
believe that I want to believe that you
know if I were to die in that hospital
bed there's something or something I
mean something or someone looking over
my family yeah I just want to believe in
good I'm look I'm all about positivity
I'm all about love so it's the thing
where why not believe in it
mmm it's not gonna hurt me believing in
it and if it does happen at the end
great if you go to a different place
great now I will ask questions along the
way
I will not blindly follow a church or
religion you know I do investigations I
really look at the people that's
involved with that church what I don't
understand is the people that blindly
fall into these cults or churches that
you just talked about like I don't
understand how your mind gets to a place
where it's like no matter what they say
I'm down for it well other people would
say people that are more skeptical than
yourself
or not interested in religion at all
would say well we take it one step
further why would you believe that like
why would you believe that there's some
sort of a superpower that you've never
seen any evidence of some sort of a Mis
mythical mystical power that's looking
out for everybody like why would you
think that when there's no evidence of
that the evidence that we do have was
evidence that people in community and in
in friendship and love that there's a
great benefit to that and that we feel
it we experience it like when like I saw
you today I give you a big hug yeah like
this love gunship absolutely that's
that's important for us it means that's
real that means something but it also
means something because I want you to
know that if you need me I'm there I
want you to know this is what friendship
is that's that's real you know but the
reality is is there a God watching a
doctor got killed by wild dogs yesterday
in Georgia did you hear about this no
yeah
he has packs of wild dogs
through Georgia right now it's always
been an issue when people let dogs loose
and dogs come feral and they don't have
food they stop being pets and they
revert towards more wolf like behavior I
think it was Georgia I read it this
morning can you find that I'll send it
to you if you know I certainly have it
one problem seeing that the doctor was a
doctor in Connecticut I guess but was it
well it's his middle Georgia doctor
found dead and then former kinetic or CT
doctor I'm sorry I said not Connecticut
yeah sorry RJ yeah
Georgia doctor killed by a pack of wild
dogs you know I thought I saw CT and
thought it was okay it wasn't yeah yeah
so this lady it was a lady it's not the
first time that I was confusing this but
there was a man who was killed by wild
dogs in Georgia a couple of years ago
dr. Nancy Shaw who was a doctor in
Connecticut and 3:00 a.m. Thursday they
found her body
oh yeah she was on the wrong side of
road and fuck the engine was running the
door was open they got out of the patrol
car to investigate found a female that
was deceased in the ditch the autopsy
confirmed that she died after being
attacked by animals police confirmed to
the station which gave the further
details police are trying to find the
roaming beasts interesting that they
phrased it that way with us the New York
Post
so roaming beasts sucks well packs of
dogs you know that that is when you just
let dogs loose and they got if you ever
had a feral animal mm-hmm I had a feral
cat once and a friend of mine and her
boyfriend were living in this apartment
complex and there was like this thing
where these cats got underneath the
building and they had kittens and so she
rescued the kittens she was do you want
one of these kittens because she knew I
had cats I was like oh my god let me let
me see so I went to her house he's
little hissing little fucking balls of
fur I'm just laughing at the idea of you
having a lot of cats yeah that's funny
to me
three cats I have two now but I had
three at one point in time so I take
this cat in and it was crazy it was a
little baby cat but it was like like
wild I mean fucking wild like you
thought I was definitely gonna kill it
need it and then I would pick the cat up
and it would start purring like
immediately like loud like so happy then
I put it down--okay
hiss at me again this poor thing was
wild and that cat was wild too the day
it died I was the only catch if you kept
him for years
yeah Wow my dog killed him yeah he got
he talked some shit to me check this out
yeah because he would he would hiss at
the dog and I guess he fucked with the
dog one time that dog said why is this
goddamn thing in the house and he kept
pissing in the house it's like he would
piss in the house he would be especially
was mad at the dog he was like piss near
where the dog slept one day that I
wasn't home dog just took it into his
own hands
where'd you find the cat oh no no I was
home and he he killed two cats dog
they're both kunti cats that my 20s I
was a different man this cat when I had
him I was the only one that could pet
him I could only when they could touch
him I could go up to him like what's up
bro I gotta give him a little pet and I
could pick him up but he would / and but
I was the only one nobody else anybody
anyone see saw I was like his mother
farts gonna eat me and he just ran away
from him yeah it's weird i man but
anyway but my point is I had this other
cat that's a ragdoll like I have two
ragdolls now they're like fluff balls
man like you pick them up these go limp
uh-huh domesticated cats like I have a
domesticated dog I have a golden
retriever you ever met him yet no
sometimes a breath see I see the walk so
he's the best he's the sweetest I love
him to death
like I wake up in the morning I made a
video of it because it's so ridiculous
like how my morning starts like he waits
for me outside the door of my room
I open the door and I go bro
I go what's up and he just like he runs
around in circles he always grabs a toy
I was in to bring a toy over to me and
then I'm Pat Nam is there he's always
like he's moaning in ecstasy wagging his
tail runs around in circles
he's domesticated he's a cell love bug
and he's like this was everybody if you
come over my house that's what he's
gonna do to you he's gonna go oh he runs
around circles around you he wants you
to touch him he'll drop to his belly he
went dropped his back once you rub his
belly but that's because of you too
though you domesticated him like that
yes for sure but he's also a golden
retriever yeah like there's the nicest
dogs ever but he's domesticated okay
wild cats are so different than
domesticated cats it's like a different
thing man it's that they're so different
Mike he would hiss at anybody to come
near him anybody you come near like I
had to bring him to the veterinarian to
get him fixed when he got he got to a
certain point spraying in the house with
this motherfucker cuz that's what
happens the check mark is charity yeah
so the way I got him I had to lock me
and him in the bathroom together and
that I had throw I forget it was like a
towel or a blanket or a bathroom I
forget what I threw on him but I do it
cuz it's like a kidnapping like real
yeah I mean this is 96 somewhere around
there okay throw this fucking blanket on
this cat and then I have to grab him and
wrestle I'm gonna stuff him in a hamper
and then take him with a fucking
duct-taped hamper to dr. Craig my my
veterinarian okay why didn't you just
get rid of the cat I mean it's a I loved
him and I felt like he was like me in a
lot of ways that you know he just didn't
didn't have anybody that looked out for
him like he was abandoned he felt I felt
like in a lot of ways like look I don't
know my dad and because of that I have
this weird thing about taking care of
things taking care of people I felt like
I was a bad I've spoken to my dad since
I was 7 years old and I knew him before
that so
like all my life I've sort of had this
thing like hey that can happen well you
could be abandoned and it's one of the
reasons why I've always had this very
liberal and charitable outlook on things
even though like a lot of people can
serve a little confuse me with being
conservative I'm not very conservative
with people because I know that things
can go wrong with people I also know
that some people are lazy fucks and they
need to go to work they need to get
their ass and gear and stop making
fucking excuses but these are like
little mental traps that people have
fallen into and oftentimes they just
don't have the right tools they don't
have the right the right information to
sort of make these Corrections and
adjustments so I'm a hard-ass in some
ways like that like some people need to
just get their fucking shit together but
I also I'm charitable in a way like I
don't think they understand how to get
their shit together when you see someone
who's obese and they're smoking
cigarettes a lot of that is education
and information and just the way their
body has the way that their life has
gone the things that have happened to
them outside of their control before
they even became a fully formed adult
just like this poor cat yeah this poor
cat didn't ask to be shit out under a
fucking apartment building like and then
have you know this wildlife or it's got
to eat rats and shit and try to take
care of itself well I also think that
even people like me I'll hear inspiring
people and you it kind of kick starts
you it kicks you an ass and say hey you
need to get it going like I told you
about David Goggins last time I was here
I read his book and you know posted shit
on my mirror you know and trying to make
strides too but I think I think we all
need that it's not just lazy people even
people that are out there hustling oh
yeah sometimes you need that oh I need
it I need you know yeah I'm very
fortunate to know people like David or
my friend choco taco willing who's very
similar as well like he's got a video
that he put up today go to go to Jacko's
Instagram and he he puts these up all
the time he gets up at 4:30 in the
morning every day it seems that's his
I'm sure of his watch for him it's a
time David Hawkins to 4:30 does he get
up at 4:30 every morning stretches for
two hours and then
hits his run he's an animal but play
this this is Jocko it's so easy so easy
dripping with sweat so easy to say
you're gonna do it tomorrow
well I want you to reprogram your brain
and tell yourself that tomorrow is not a
viable option tomorrow doesn't work you
drew it today you get it done today
that's what you do have a good Monday
y'all do get something out that's how
you need new people like that in the
world follow this dude you should follow
who is he that's Jocko willing you have
a former Navy SEAL Wow is one most
inspirational people that I've ever met
my life and he now he writes books on
leadership and Brazilian jiu-jitsu black
belt and you know every morning this
fucking gets up at 4:30 moron trains
take a takes a photo of his watch takes
an aftermath photo of puddles of sweat
on the ground and the tools he used and
then takes pictures of the sunrise and
the sunset the beats that he earned he
earned his right to go look at that Wow
I wake up at 4:30 to every morning do
you yeah I do but mine would have been
like checkout me drinking this matcha
latte get it yeah well it takes every
kind of people that song yeah song about
that yeah there's there's there's all
kinds of people in this world it's okay
it's okay to be a soft person it's okay
to be a gentle person you don't have to
be this fucking savage like chaco but
it's something out that maybe seal yeah
they're just wired but it's not it's not
for everybody
no most people are gonna ring that Bell
most people are not gonna do it could
you have made it I don't know I would
say I would tell you right now if you
ask me yes but of course I would say
that yeah I don't know unless you've
done it you don't know like in my early
20s I would've loved now if I could go
back I would love to try to be a Navy
SEAL but I guess if you don't have it
like if you didn't have that desire but
I just think like that's whether or not
it's challenging yourself whether yeah
whether or not you can push yourself
past
the place that most people quit that's a
big part of what it is you know the big
part of anything is being able to push
right when you get discomfort people
just want to back off that won't stop
the only it's a thing that we have a
natural inclination to seek comfort you
you have to have the mind to push past
that I don't know mentally you know if I
like I was working so hard cuz those two
days in the hospital when I said if
there was that eject button and then
your mind just like no keep pushing keep
pushing keep pushing and after three and
a half days finally everything started
my lungs in the fluid in my lungs
started to settle but it's it's amazing
what you learn when you come out of a
situation like that it's it's what you
value like I've totally I'm a changed
person now like from that and I think
and I hate to be cliche but you
appreciate the little things like I
never I've always been a good guy a
hustler but just opening my eyes in the
morning it's a different game now right
you have a gift I have a gift
I had the gift and a lot of your your
fans as like a it wasn't your time you
got great things to to accomplish and I
really believe that because I see the
death total going up and I go oh I'm not
I'm here for a reason and I think when
we go through life you had a Down point
you know but you need something to get
you back on track and say yo you're
lucky you're still here
you need like I've always valued my
family I'm a family guy but now it's
like oh you want to go first one let's
go first one you took my son you want to
do this let's do this
and I think is it kind of lit a fire
under my ass where I was I wasn't
coasting I was I was doing well but I
just appreciate everything and I
appreciate people more hmm you know
because man when I was laid up in the
hospital I saw comics and different
people drop off shit to my house
through the ring cam and you I can't
tell you how much that meant to me you
know what I mean like just people going
out of their way yeah to to make sure
your family is okay and even the text
even the DMS those little things like
when nothing tragic has happened in your
life I don't think you really appreciate
like okay that's great you know but then
when something happens to you and these
people don't know you but they're
reaching out giving you positive vibes
and then people you know really well
give me those vibes it means a lot if
you don't understand how much it meant
when I was laying in a hospital bed
fighting for my life after I got over
that hump to read all these positive
message from your fans from comedians
from from close friends I mean it it
really pushes you to live mmm
you know what yeah the power of word is
so much to me now expresses something
yeah yeah it expresses something that
you you you understand how close you
came to losing everything yeah yeah I
think I look comfort is wonderful in
civilization is wonderful and love and
friendship is all wonderful but I think
to really appreciate it you almost have
to at least almost have everything taken
away or no it can be taken away or know
how fortunate you are know how lucky you
are I mean well look man all throughout
human history was impossible to take a
fucking shower you know I mean to take a
hot shower fuck did that like when did
that first start with a hundred years
ago when when was it yeah so people been
around for what hundreds of thousands of
years in this relatively similar form
and then like a hundred years ago
someone figured out how to turn that
thing hot shower and now this is just
the way it's supposed to be yeah dude I
went camping with me and Bryan Callen
we went camping in Montana we did this
hunting show and we back in 2012 and it
was freezing out fucking cold shit 90
degrees at night and you're in a
sleeping bag and huddled and and then
finally after like six or seven days
whatever it was we got to Billings and
there's the end of the trip we had a
successful trip and then we got to
a hotel I took a shower a hot shower and
it was like Oh bullshit okay what panel
wars just a skanky fucking weirdo hotel
ordinarily if I was a comic like working
in that town I was like oh look at this
shithole I'm staying on yep I'm like
well guess I'm roughing it here we go
but for me it was like heaven I was in
that shower
I was so warm the water was so good and
feel that the soap and get the stink off
Meeks I hadn't washed myself in seven
days so like ah you really appreciate it
you don't appreciate it until you lose
it until it's gone and I think that
struggle is something that too many
people are missing you know and I I like
to give myself my own struggle you know
it's one of the reasons why I work out
so hard because I when I work out hard
not just because it calms me down and it
makes it it does whatever vanquishes
whatever demons are inside me through
exercise but also I appreciate peace
because when I push myself I push myself
in a ferocious horrific way where I'm
fucking exhausted like when I'm running
hills or I'm hitting a bag or whatever
I'm doing I'm doing it hard man so that
when it's over I mean I'm hands on my
knees heaving and then the rest of the
day is beautiful mm-hmm because I made
my own bullshit
instead of like dealing with like
fucking hordes of barbarians coming over
the hills or you know starving to death
or all the the real problems that people
have dealt with throughout history that
have kind of balanced out their
perspective I create it myself I think I
think today's society is taken away
challenges yes you know it's not pushing
people because it's fine being fine
today right you know there's no like one
thing interesting you said to me last
podcast we did you go you know yo you
really never and you exactly said it you
never been through any struggle because
I was telling you my life has been
pretty good and you go what makes you is
you would never take away your struggle
when you were younger because it made
you who you are today yeah and after
going through something like what I went
through it's changed me so much
that I know that struggle is gonna
change the rest of my life it's even the
mentality of myself has already changed
it's like I'm gonna take risk I'm gonna
because you never know how long you're
gonna be here I know that's cliche but
you really never know the key is to keep
that mentality yes the problem is for a
lot of people they slip right back into
comfort again they slip right back into
the regular life because this this close
call you had with death he it slips away
in your memory becomes the thing of the
past it was four years ago or five years
ago and you you know like oh I'm having
a hard time getting motivated I'm having
a hard time getting to the gym oh I mean
I really like to get my career in order
but economy sometimes I'm depressed yeah
I just feel so blue let's sit around the
house
you're not supposed to make you know I
mean no one wants to say that those
people but that mentality literally is
like if life is just wild rush to the
finish line I'm not sure it is but if it
was those people are not supposed to
make it they're not supposed to cross
the tape they're supposed to sit back at
Mile three and take a nap
that's just and it's also supposed to be
a lesson to you the person who keeps
going to see like see these lazy bitches
that they ruin their life and wind up
falling apart and they keep exhibiting
these self-destructive behavior don't do
that you don't have to do that you see
them do it learn from them learn from
the people that cry for no reason
learn from the people that fall apart
learn for the people who don't know how
to pick themselves up and keep going but
you can't you can't say that out loud
today you get attached well you can't
but that's what - I know what people
need to say but you're so right like you
like the people who's tacking who's
attacking those people the people in the
sidelines they'll be able to sit down
yeah it's true you don't even know
Michael yo like it depressed like I
think some people have real issues some
people some people but some people a
lazy fuck fucks and use it as an excuse
a lot of people I think there's way more
because there's a natural inclination to
do that and to deny that natural
inclination to do that
is to exhibit ridiculous lack of
understanding about human nature because
that's what people do we know that this
is it's you'd be you you see the willful
ignorance or you were purposely lying so
you fit in the group the same way we
were talking about earlier about
ideologies that people slip into because
it gives you comfort this is like when
people like there was a there was a
video recently where a where a article
recently rather where Adele lost a lot
of weight and all these why do people
celebrate that I was so pissed off about
that it's the people that celebrate it
ya know people that celebrate her weight
loss it's like these are the same people
are like you look dead no matter what
size you are I'm like so like
interesting perspective that's not what
I was saying though no but what I'm
saying is to me the celebrity audience
that celebrated her losing the weight
was saying you same people that say you
should feel great no matter what size
you are I think it sent out the wrong
message well I think it's great to lose
weight because when you lose weight you
get healthy but there was a lot of
people that were saying that we
shouldn't do that because of one one
thing that I read that was hilarious
was saying that it's actually fat phobic
to celebrate her weight loss because we
don't know what she's going through she
might actually be going through a hard
time right now because she just got
divorced and maybe that's why she's
losing weight because she's not doing
well and she's ill no doesn't eat cake
like my whole thing is if you're gonna I
just hate who I hate people and this is
a lot of celebrities and this is a lot
of no it's like no matter what size you
are we love you right and then a girl
lose weight and then you really see who
they are oh you look great now we love
you I understand I understand no matter
what size you are I do love you look I
have friends that are fat yeah I love
them you know and I've talked to some of
them try to get them to lose weight but
they don't want to lose weight but if
they did lose weight I'd be like dude
you look great congratulations it's
healthier yes but III just love them no
matter what size I understand that but
not someone
but to me it's a wrong message like to
if you're gonna say you love me no
matter what size you are like and I'm
talking this is more celebrity driven as
[Laughter]
dude I'm not that dude you don't put out
this message that body image doesn't
really matter and then when a girl loses
weight you're like oh it really does
matter
like you're just contradicting yourself
you're why you like me I don't care if
Adele's big or small you know I do
okay look hot she's good now I like it
as long as she can sing that's all I
guess well I do care about that but I
care what anybody loses weight because
it gives people inspiration the same way
that jaakko video you know say that
gives people inspiration same way
Goggins that gives people inspiration
those people are important and adele is
important doing that man how many women
that were overweight looked at her and
we're like I'm gonna fucking get my shit
together now what's that other girl
rebel rebel Wilson what she did that
movie she lost a ton of weight oh yeah
girl looks really good now she's a lost
a ton of weight and then same thing
though the lazy fat O's they want to
stay lazy fat so they get mad like she
you're just defining beauty standards
and she's
she was amazing before and you know it's
not good to be skinny and there's a
bunch of people out there that will come
up with any fucking reason why they can
just eat cake
no it's not real look my thing is as
long as you're healthy some people are
healthier but like my thing is if you go
to a doctor and you're you're too big
and they say hey you're not healthy
right now you know you need to change
that that's terrible for you but if
you're a little bigger and you're
healthy cuz I know some big people that
are healthy I bet you don't I do I bet
you don't I bet you know big people that
would be healthy if they lost weight but
they're not healthy if they're fat III
mebbe City is one I'm not talking about
a beach I mean they're just big people
okay like the black ballplayers yes okay
yeah that's what I'm talking about
a little bit everything a six-pack
that's what I meant I don't mean Oh fine
no I'm talking about bigger Playboy
before she goes all the way she knows
obese yeah yeah I'm just saying it's a
thing where he may briefly male yeah I
was I know so many people went to
Ralphie May it was like dude together
lose weight I was one of them you have
to man
yeah but did he had an issue there was a
there was whatever the wiring of his
mind
didn't say it didn't it wasn't gonna
work he was gonna eat and he was gonna
keep eating and whatever it was I don't
know what the demon was but whatever his
demon was he and I don't make me maybe
he could have shifted and changed and
people have but it didn't happen while
he was alive I tell you one of the
nicest men ever he was a great guy he's
a great guy I I went to Nashville with
Sarah Tiana and he took us and of course
we were like oh let's just say how he
goes no we're gonna go to his breakfast
place that's biscuit place in Nashville
you know in Tennessee but it was just
him like hearing about me and coming out
and hanging out mmm just has a comment
he was a sweetheart ha yeah he was a
sweetheart of a guy it's uh it was a sad
loss that no one was surprised by yes
that's the problem you know it's like if
you have a friend and that friend is an
alcoholic and they died of liver cancer
you got to go you know I loved him great
guy but no one's shocked that that was
the result and that's the same thing
with obesity it's like no one shocked
when you you do that to your body and
then you wind up dying it's not it's not
shocking no sad it comes with I just
think I know what you're saying about
the celebrity thing is but I really
think that it's it's along the lines
what we're talking about before with
religion and
political ideologies people that are
celebrities feel like they're putting
out this thing that helps their image
and the thing is you can't say anything
even remotely controversial if they do
people come down on you and if you're
gonna say something controversial it
should be controversial that leans
towards the side of being liberal and
being open-minded and being
compassionate and I don't think that
being dishonest about the real negative
health consequences of being fat is very
positive
I think it's negative I think ultimately
if you can look fat shaming is a real
thing right people get mad when people
fat shame but let me tell you something
when someone fat shames you and you feel
bad you lose weight if you want to act
on that a lot of people do it's a bad
feeling that bad feeling makes you feel
like shit and you go out and you do
something about it the reason why they
make you feel like shit is because it
works or if you got to take the other
side of the corner that some people feel
worse and then do awful things to
themselves well those people need to get
the shit together
but look when people make you feel bad
and then you make it correction look if
someone said to me right now hey you're
fat I'd be like okay that doesn't work
yeah you could say whatever you want
this is not gonna get in there but if I
was a little fat been in the pack I've
had a little bit of a gut before and
then someone says you're fat alike oh
yeah but it pushes but they only push
for years if I kept going for years then
I would be obese but that's what it is
you get on a path but it only pushes
people that want to be pushed you see
what I mean like get rid of it's not
just working people that it goes back to
the lazy thing yeah it doesn't work on
lazy people well there's not look now
that neither there's education
neither does anything I mean lazy people
that the inclination towards laziness
it's it's a part of the spectrum of
human behavior and it's a bad spell it
means a bad thing it doesn't do anybody
any good so it's so unattractive
I'll give you ever had a girlfriend that
was lazy yes bro see ya oh my god so
attractive it is attractive to girls is
unattractive to guys having a
significant other that's lazy is
offensive I tell you what if Twitter and
Instagram people going after people
mm-hmm if there was work involved with
doing that if you acted he actually had
to go through steps and work to do that
you would have no comments right so like
if people actually had to work to put a
comment up yeah oh it would decrease by
90 percent a lot of what comments are is
lazy it's it's people being lazy going
oh let me comment about forum or fuck
her mmm-hmm
but late people in your life that are
lazy it's it's very unattractive and
it's it makes you angry if you're not
lazy and someone's lazy they're dragging
you down like if you're in business with
someone and that person is lazy
it's her end it away it's offensive yeah
and if you are altered like if you have
a business together and you know this is
your partner and your partner is fucking
off and not doing the stuff they're
supposed to do when you tell them hey we
got to take care of XY and Z and like I
don't want to do that like oh my god I'm
in business with this fucking lazy fuck
that that's a terrible feeling but if
you're in business with someone and
they're like I'm on it let's get this
let's do that hey maybe we can do that
too fuck yeah let's push each other our
yes go let's get it together high-five
woo and then you like you feed off each
other people don't want that though a
lot of people don't want that they don't
want to be something people don't lazy
people don't want what's amazing to me
when my wife was was pregnant we were
you know the second time with our what
our girl that's five months now but I
was reading stories about mothers being
shamed for losing weight so fast I've
heard that if you're not big now you're
shaming people for being skinny yeah
like literally people will get in shape
after two months three months after
working out mm-hmm you know and they're
like well you're not spending any time
with your kids sit you're in shape now
you've been working out showing all
these videos it's like that's an hour a
day yeah your kid sleeps 18 hours a day
when they're first born yeah you know
you're taking an hour for yourself and
you're getting women get shamed for
losing I'm like now this is really we're
just shaming P for no reason
it's just a bunch of people talking and
the problem is it used to be you had to
be around those people to hear it yeah
now those dumb fucks they put it on
Facebook in the whole world to read it
and then other fat fucks chime in too
yeah I agree there's nothing wrong with
complaining just stuffing their fat face
with cake while they're writing it while
they're typing it I don't mean towards
lazy people to when you say things like
that it's fun I enjoyed that
yeah lazy people know they're lazy too
yeah and that's what's great about it
like would you coming up with excuses
for them while you're wrong guess what
this whole segment right now about the
lazy yes people are really mad better
lazy only lazy only lazy few Jocko
approves this my friend campaigns that
fucking dude works a full-time job works
for the Department of Water and Power in
Oregon
he gets up every morning he he doesn't
have a day where he doesn't run 16 miles
every day he's running 10 miles
oftentimes we'll run a marathon a day
he runs ultra marathons he runs these
fucking 240 mile races they take three
days where's the full-time job also one
of the best bow hunters in the world and
every day you go to his Instagram every
day it's him lifting weights
it's him running it's him talking it's
him saying have a great day everybody
he's got a different approach to Jocko
he's not screaming you know failures not
an option he's got a different approach
but that motherfucker gets after it
every single day so if you ever feel
like like oh you know I think I do too
much go to campaigns go to his Instagram
page Cameron Haynes
Cameron our Hanes on Instagram and you
go oh I don't fucking do anything no
shit it's got a full-time job and a
family you realize when you think you do
a lot you'll find people to do way more
than you and you're like oh I'm fucking
lazy compared to that person if you
think you do a lot David Goggins is
running right now screaming yeah man I
mean but those those kind of people
they'll let you know that there's more
on the table you can you get more
out of your life you can you could
squeeze out more it's not for everybody
like that it's not for everybody but for
everybody doing your best is something
that you should strive for for everybody
whatever that best is I mean man if you
want to just do yoga three or four days
a week or something like that that's all
you like to do physically that's great
too you don't have to be that guy who
runs 100 miles no you don't have to be
that guy that said like Jocko four
o'clock at the one throwing kettlebells
around like a savage you don't have to
you don't have to but you should do
something to push yourself and it's it
there's a great value in that there's
great reward in that and there's no
reward in talking shit on moms who lose
weight too quickly because they're
dedicated and healthy and they work out
and also it's first of all there's a
reality to that too with moms it's not
fair
I know moms who are like fitness
enthusiasts that gained a lot of weight
during their pregnancy and they have a
really hard time losing it their body
just doesn't bounce back like other
people's bodies some women are just
savages like two weeks later they got a
flat stomach until what look at this but
genetics as well genetics so you can't
blame a person because they got good
genetics and they've been working out
right and you also can't blame someone
who has bad genetics either and not lose
it but but here's the in I feel bad what
for women because if they're a little
bit too big they get criticized if they
lose weight now you're too skinny yeah
but you only getting the skinny thing
you're only getting it from dumb fat
lazy bitches that's where they get mad
at you oh I can't see it coming from
dudes I can't see it dude go hey you got
too hot too cool fucking whore the anger
is gonna come from people that are
unlucky genetically and that there that
is but you can't point to them and be
mad at them no there was this one lady
though that she took a whole lot of shit
because she had a kid and she posted her
being pregnant and then she posted what
she looked like a couple months later
working out and she was saying don't be
lazy and then I remember that people got
mad and lost her shit and all she was
like shit this is her thing
yeah like you're going to her to look at
her page but that's a different thing
because she's clearly got a great
genetic roll of the dice and she's
shitting on those women that don't have
that don't be lazy well listen some
women are not lazy some women they get
pregnant and it takes months and months
of them to learn percent and it's hard
and it's a struggle and other girls root
they just bounce back like a rubber band
it's crazy it's not fair by the
livestock but bums dudes are 7 feet tall
with giant dicks it's not a goddamn
thing you could do about that can you
imagine being 7 feet tall
with no dick Oh that'd be horrible
Debbie whore with the disappointment in
a woman like imma get it tonight it's
like like terrible or even a regular
dick yeah just a regular day it would
look weird oh my god I haven't thought
about it that much but that would be
weird
[Laughter]
fair genetically it's just not it's not
fair intellectually it's not fair
genetically it's not fair with the
parents you don't you don't get you know
there's some people that get extremely
fortunate with it their parents oh
absolutely
yeah I mean my parents are great yeah
like still married yeah and like they
love me and I love them and we talk all
the time yeah I know a lot of friends
that parents would divorce or had only
one parent yeah growing up and that's
the struggle they they had to deal with
and my struggle was different yeah you
know so I you're right
life is not fair life is not fair no
it's not fair some people he born into
it fair
yeah those should be nice and people
should be fair but circumstances are not
fair there's really good people to get
hit by cars every day hundreds wonderful
people to get leukemia and this idea
that somehow or another that it's not
you know it's not supposed to happen
that way like there's there's something
wrong someone fucked up there's a no
it's just the the randomness of life is
not fair and also the fact that look you
don't live that long
oh you're talking to a 52 year old man
I'm 52 years old even saying that I'm
like that can't be real
like you ever seem real you ever wonder
like I got another 25 30 years no I get
up and I just do it I just get up and do
it every day
that's what I do I live in the moment
get up and do it every day we'll see a
moment as much as I can I think my thing
is to push me because I always have
goals every day to is to push me is like
yo I'm halfway done I gotta get it you
know like that's just my motivation
there's a difference between being 50
today and being 50 it is fast there's a
great picture of one of the Golden Girls
that said it says like 50 in 1985 and
then it has a picture of JLo swinging on
a pole it's like 50 in 2020 it's a
fucking different man there's people
exercise today people take care of their
bodies today and they never didn't right
if as long as you never went through
this period we slacked off and ate cake
and slept all day if you never went
through that period of alcoholism and
drug abuse where you wrecked your body
man you you know you could hold on a lot
longer than anybody ever thought you
could yeah what's crazy to me is when I
was growing up dads look like dads yeah
their dad bods yeah dad but but just
yeah the body but just physically they
look like a dad we're today you go out
you couldn't tell who's a dad who's
single like everybody's taking care of
themselves
you know from world yeah this education
it is we people understand that now they
understand like hey you really do need
to do something it's not an option
whether or not you exercise if you want
to be a healthy person it's a mandatory
thing that you need to do when you
speaking about healthy when you were in
Florida I want to take about four well
here in Florida speak wealthy yeah I'm
the healthiest place in the world when
you were going back and forth
did you like kind of stay away from
people in airports or
no I didn't stay away from people so you
know I took pictures with some people
okay it's a little weirded out by it
like maybe I approached shouldn't be
doing this but my take on it was
you know wash your hands don't do
anything stupid
don't anybody COFF on you or anything
like that like everybody I was around
for the most part other than the people
in the hotel everyone was tested all the
people at the UFC were tested all the
fighters are tested was the workers ok
everyone was tested and you know the
hotel everybody had masks on although
people like I ate at a Morton's
Steakhouse was very nice to sit down me
and my faith had masks on yeah I mean my
buddy Eddie Bravo were sitting there
eating a meal like a grown-up it's
amazing it's like the real world again
was there anybody in the restaurant
there was a couple other people yeah
there was one older couple no masks and
some young people at the bar no masks I
tell you when I when I first got out
when they first cleared me in my
neighborhood cuz everybody knew like
literally I would walk outside and go
for a walk do like they would run inside
their house with if their kids were
outside playing it would call him in to
go inside like I was like this guy I
went to my I'm not gonna say the name of
the coffee place but I went to my local
coffee place and since I didn't post I
was cleared
they the manager of the store sent me a
nasty on my Instagram sent me a nasty
man how could you endanger all our
workers by coming in and you have Corona
this is after three weeks I've been
cleared and it's almost like a you feel
you'd been tested never I've been
testing it everything I've been cleared
and it's a thing I got tested manager
said that the manager reached out to me
personally on my instrument to them yeah
I called I called their district manager
and goes this is this is prejudice like
I've been cleared for three weeks and I
have a manager just because I didn't
post that I was cleared on the Instagram
it's all so shitty it's very shitty
shitty way to approach someone almost
died yeah that was so angry and they
were scared I was gonna sue and I just
send you free coffee I didn't ask for
shit yeah they were scared it was it was
really bad and I was angry but then I
saw it like on my street like I was a
plague like people like literally with
run inside alleviating there's at this
subside oh no now it's fine now it's
fine now now me I'm trying to stay away
from people
I feel good because I took that immunity
test and they said I had the long
immunity so I don't know the term but
there's a long immunity in a short
immunity
it's IG and I it's some and this is
antibodies there's an antibody test you
can take at this place called next
health where it's not FDA approved but
it shows you like your strand is that
long immunity is a short immunity hmm
and they said I had long immunity
because it was so bad usually sounds
like you went to a fortune-teller but
but it said like usually the people that
get it the worst longer immunity but it
works just like the flu like all the
Miss method wear masks don't wear a mask
to me it was all bullshit at the
beginning is like why wouldn't you tell
everybody wear a mask I posted something
on my Instagram today that was from 60
minutes I guess it was like last month I
think was last month
doctor foul Qi from March someone yeah
he's saying you don't have to wear a
mask don't unless you have something yes
which makes necessarily going to protect
you
there's a cool mask that I saw that's
advertised though that they they set
this mask up this mask like seals to
your face they set this mask up in this
tube and they blew cigarette smoke into
the tube and then on the other side of
the mask it was clear yeah it's it's um
but the whole math thing is like if you
know they knew people were asymptomatic
back then
so you're saying only the people with
problems need to wear masks like but you
know people are asymptomatic and you
they didn't know how many people were
asymptomatic but still I realized as
many as seventy eight percent of people
who catch this or asymptomatic but
really crazy even if you know three
percent they know it back then they just
they did they didn't really what he was
doing this oh yes they knew people were
asymptomatic but they were just did they
know
this oh man I mean who knows this is
March I think that foul Chi was on 60
minutes well they had reports that
people like in February were
asymptomatic this is what I'm hearing
they knew in February that's before such
conflicting information the problem but
regardless if you know okay they did
know this they knew people could get it
by droplets in March they did know that
mmm
so if people can get it in droplets why
would you have the only people that are
having symptoms wear a mask if you can
get in droplets that means if I'm
healthy I can get it from your droplets
let's see what it means everybody
everybody can get everybody so why
wouldn't you just say there's much
confusion you know the World Health
Organization in January tweeted that
according to China
it cannot be transmitted from person to
person that was in January it's changed
it so much but the World Health
Organization's have been in bed with
China from the beginning and it's really
a big part of the problem with this is
that the disinformation that the Chinese
government had put out to try to
alleviate some of the blame I mean
that's that's their game their game is
Lee v-eight blame and take control of
the narrative and so the World Health
Organization was in bed with them I mean
that's why Trump although it's widely
criticized that he stopped funding to
the World Health Organization this is
his rationalization for that like
they've done terrible things what also
fits his narrative though - but but it's
true it is true and it fits his
narrative if it didn't fit his narrative
he wouldn't have took the money away the
narrative of the World Health
Organization yes it's their fault that
were organizations it's their fault that
we're in this even though we knew about
it before it got here we didn't know
about it before it got there but the
World Health Organization did say that
in January 100% yeah have you seen the
tweet because it's pretty crazy when you
read it today it's like wow like this is
just a few months ago yeah this is for
four and a half months ago that they
said this and then you're looking at it
like oh wait Christ I mean my thing is
just going back to March six eleven
deaths in just this short amount of time
over eighty thousand montaa only has
one we need to go to Montana I know I'm
saying
I'm a lipid I'm all open up the
restaurants again do you if you had to
guess when I mean you do like arenas but
for normal comedians like me that do
like clubs when do you think - okay I'm
hoping we could do clubs soon I mean I'm
really hoping we can get things going in
California again but our you know Bill
Maher had a great rant about it it was
really good stuff if you go to Eddie Bob
Eddie Bravo's Instagram well we can't
play in it
but Bill Maher had a really good rant
that the key to this is not going to be
stay at home forever no this is not not
it's not how the immune system works the
key is having a healthy body and this
idea that your body doesn't know what to
do with this your immune system is never
experienced that your immune system if
it's functioning correctly it will fight
this off your your situation shows that
your immune system was dragged down I
mean that's what my doctor said my
immune system
I was opposite my immune system was so
strong it cause problem it overreacted
well this was the reason why they think
hydroxychloroquine works right it stops
that cytokine storm that happens from
your immune system overreacting that's
what they said at the time I don't know
like I I don't they don't know but my
doctor was like but you were run down I
was run down
so that's your immune system running
down yeah but from what my doctor said
is my immune system was in overdrive but
like I said I don't I don't really know
all I know problem no there's no clear
answer like I go like every four hours I
got all this bullshit everyone's gonna
be fine we're gonna and then four hours
later we're all gonna die yeah it's like
that's that's what it was like in March
in March there was so much conflicting
information I didn't know whether or not
we gonna be okay or not the the doctor I
talked to said he had a patient that was
rolling at about 60% oxygen level and
you're supposed to be between like 94
and 100 and the guy didn't even know his
oxygen low he was just acting normal and
they said that's the thing that's
confusing doctors right now it could be
like you're climbing on
but you're not breathing hard you're
just normal so that's what a I believe
I'm in a mountain so you get oxygen no
well no no what I'm saying is the same
oxygen levels you would get from
climbing a high mount likes it well I
think the problem is so many people do
so little in their body that even when
although we're saying asymptomatic for a
lot of these people it's like they don't
ever push themselves so they didn't even
know their body is no weakly no what
they're saying is is on this part is the
oxygen level and a person that would
come in with corona was at 60% but they
were they were functioning like it was
at 94 96 where they're supposed to be
passed out right but they're not
exercising no but but do you do you hear
what I'm saying then what I'm saying is
they don't push themselves to the point
where they find out that their body is
at 60% if you're a person who exercises
all the time and you're used to you're
in tune with your body and then you're
working now you're like god I'm fucking
dragon ass that happened my friend son
it's we had and the way they found out
it was his mom had it but he had it and
the way he found I was like geez dragon
asked me was working out oh I see what
you're saying I see because when you
push yourself that's when you find out
if you're just kind of strolling through
life you don't really need a hundred
percent of your oxygen right you never
you never get to that point but when you
do push yourself and you're like wow
there's something wrong here
like I feel like really fatigued and
really shitty well I mean they must have
felt it cuz they were in the hospital so
I mean they were at 60% oxygen in the
hospital so how are you saying they're
asymptomatic if they're in I didn't say
I never said they were asymptomatic I
said these people were in the hospital
knowing something's wrong I'm confused
okay because you're saying it like these
people were running around like there's
nothing wrong no no no no I'm saying the
doctors are confused right now because
the normal oxygen level is between 94
and 100 there are people checking in
what Corona that don't feel well but
they're at 60% oxygen level which you
shouldn't be able to function why not I
don't know the technical but this is
what the doctor saying where you could
look it up but you shouldn't be
function but they're texting they're
acting like nothing's wrong but they're
sick I think there's so many people
they're so used to feeling like shit I
don't know something comes but that's
level is so shitty but that level is so
low like they said they should be not
even moving yeah I was reading something
about that as well these people doctor
so I don't know how to explain it right
but that's what's confusing to them
right now and then you hear the kid
thing now the kids are getting a certain
form of it like 85 kids in New York it's
it's pretty five kids
85 kid I mean it's a small number but
what are they getting it's it's attached
to coronavirus it's inflammation inside
and it's not like I said I'm not a
doctor but I just read about it today
like how you have to keep saying I'm not
a doctor I do because people will take
your shit so seriously like well he went
through Corona he must know everything
about it no I know nothing like I did
give it a southern accent right there I
know I did do you know what that's from
hookworm hookworm yeah it's really crazy
the the stereotype of the lazy
mouth-breathing southerner came from
massive amounts of people that were
infected with parasites and these
parasites were extremely common
particularly when people walk around
barefoot and they would get these worms
and these worms would get into their
system and one of the side effects of
these worms was a decreased brain
function so that's a that's a real
stereotype that came from a real thing
so huh yeah pull up a hookworm in the
south and then stereotypes because yeah
I forget who told me this then I wound
up going on a deep dive one night and
just reading article upon an article
about this where they didn't even find
out that this was a thing so I think it
was like the 1960s they found out about
this hookworm parasite and this parasite
that was extremely prevalent in the
southeast thing as many of like how
hookworm gave the South a bad name
hookworms once sapped the
Americans south of its health yet few
realize they continue to affect millions
so this is uh that this worm would
infect people that make that a larger
place for more than three centuries a
plague of unshakeable lethargy blanketed
the American South
it began with ground itch in in quotes a
prickly tingling in the tender webs
between the toes which was soon followed
by a dry cough weeks later victims
succumbed to an insatiable exhaustion
and an impenetrable haziness of the mind
that some called stupidity adults
neglected their fields and children grew
pale and listless victims developed
grossly distended bellies and angel
wings emaciated shoulder blades
accentuated by the hunching all gazed
out dully from sunken sockets with a
telltale fish eyes stare the culprit
behind the germ of laziness as a south
affliction was sometimes called was
nectar americanus the American murderer
better known today as the hookworm
millions of these blood sucking
parasites lived parasites lived fed
multiplied and died within the guts of
up to 40% of the population stretching
from southeastern Texas to West Virginia
hookworm stymied development throughout
the region and bred stereotypes about
lazy moronic southerners that's that's
why you do it that's why we all do it
we do it because it was a real thing and
it was a real thing because this poor
people were sick with parasites wow wow
wow wow I learned some shit today Joe
and then a nutty one that's not from
Texas that's when you go oh okay
well that shit that makes sense I always
used to think was just hot there and
it's hard to think like you know well
now when people say you don't sound like
you're from Texas I'm like thank you
there's a touch I say y'all still
there's a touch to touch you know no you
didn't know then there's no touch yeah
yeah no yeah you have a touch of sex
okay southern some text in there
a touch yeah but you definitely not from
New York no I mean from Boston it's like
you have something something going on
there
Boston Corona is really bad right now oh
it was real bad yeah it's they believe
that there's a different strain on the
East Coast and on the west coast I agree
with that a hundred percent
I know I know strain I know I did yeah
you got that hot strain from New York
yes he did I think I think my friend
sent me a picture because I didn't I
didn't do any meet and greets but I had
friends come so he sent me a picture two
weeks after they know I survived or like
three weeks ago you're fine you're
feeling good you're all good oh yeah
yeah yeah so he sends me a picture it's
me and four of his friends he goes we
all got it we must have gave it to you
whoa so you're hanging around with the
fucking patient zeros in New York mm-hmm
what were you guys doing so you know how
they come to the green room and just say
what's up great show so and literally
hug in and it was one picture any oh god
everybody in that picture so the
comedian I know who'd you work with in
Gotham it was Tom Bell and did they get
it Joel oh no no nobody I worked with in
New York and flew back with got it so it
was only the people that you were
hanging out with in the green room
because no comics were in the green room
they came back but then there was like
five people so they they kind of fucking
craft service literally I tell you it
was it was like two minutes but it was a
bunch of hugs kisses that's all they
took man and he sent me the picture says
now that were no you well all of them
survive one person one girl got sick for
like two weeks but it wasn't bad you
know not like you got it worse than
anybody I haven't heard of any comics
like that I know I've gotten it no I
haven't either
you know I really think it had to do
with you being so rundown yeah I mean
it's the only thing that makes sense cuz
I know man me personally I am a
different human being when I travel too
much I just get wrecked yeah you just
get wrecked like my brains foggy like my
kids ask me questions I love the answers
I
the will to do things like I'm a
different person when I travel too much
yeah yeah well it's a thing where after
I beat this thing
it's that road to recovery like you know
now it's trying to get stronger trying
to like I have my energy still but it's
just you you know when your body's just
not right yeah it's just like oh it's
trying to catch up you know and I just
feel like I'm that dude just trying to
catch up are you a regular taker of
vitamins yes we have before this I I
wouldn't say like I'm a great vitamin
taker even today because I just I hear
so much about I don't know if somebody
said this is what you need to take then
I would take it but I hear a different
thing Oh take catiline take zinc take
this take that what's Catalan it's some
some vitamin that my wife's father gave
me
cataleya it's from I forgot the name of
the it's these pills that's supposed to
be all all organic and I forgot oh it's
a company
no no Catalan is a pill from this
company I don't know what it does he
just said it's healthy just taking my
wife's been taking it all our life and
so I started taking it but I'm not sure
it's supposed to be healthy I take every
day mmm I take four thousand milligrams
of vitamin C I take 5,000 IU's of
vitamin D I take a bunch of the shit
fish oil
I take glutathione I don't fuck around
man yeah especially when when this
started happening I bore down seriously
like I feel like if somebody gave me
this is what you need to take in a day I
would take it right now I just don't
have that person to say hey here's the
list
well dr. Rhonda Patrick will be on this
week and when she's on this week I'm
gonna put something out oh please she
she talks about it I'll put it on my
Instagram no I would love that look at
what you should do to strengthen your
immune system do you have a sauna in
your house no you should get a sauna
yeah I I used to go to a sauna place but
obviously they're closed
but those are great if you go to one of
them public ones what kind of funk is
going I know a guy who actually thinks
he got it in a sauna he went in a sauna
and he is like that seems to me where I
gotta
there was a graduate coughing in a sauna
oh well no these were no but though the
place I went to it's your own booth but
they clean it really good your own booth
yeah
it's these little hot boxes is that a
infrared one though
yeah infrared oh I don't know if that's
really the way to go
Laird Hamilton seems to think that it
isn't and I listened to him a lot when
it comes to these sort of things because
he does a lot of a lot of sauna work and
breath work and things like that he said
he developed some real skin issues from
infrared saunas the studies that were
done is it Norway that those studies on
sauna use they did studies that showed a
40% decrease of all cause mortality for
people who regularly use the sauna using
the sauna four to five days a week they
sold a 40% new so four to five days a
week I think it was a hundred and sixty
degree temperature for 20 minutes and
they showed a 40% decrease of all cause
mortality cancer stroke heart attack
everything all the different things
because of the body's production of heat
shock proteins from regular sauna use so
I have not skipped a day not one day of
sauna since this happened I'm very lucky
but I have one in my house and I have
one here at the studio so I've been
doing it every fucking day and I've
talked some friends into getting ones
where they didn't have room for it in
their house but the Costco sells them
you can get a fuck yeah outdoor saw and
a barrel sauna like a thousand bucks I'm
like think of all the shit you spend
money on and if you if you can afford
this please get one because I think it's
massively contributed to my health and
also like alleviation of aches and pains
I just feel good I get it every fucking
day
when I was on my routine I loved it I
loved it but then everything shut down
and I'm like okay maybe that's an
investment you have room in your yard oh
yeah yeah definitely gonna do that yeah
I get in the sauna
I do 25 minutes at 180 degrees and then
I jump in the pool I do laps that's how
I end it it's not cool i speaking about
health ie after this is over I was
talking about doctor I want to go back
in you know because we're saying it
could be my immune but this has really
opened my eye
maybe I do have something underlying you
know it makes me want to see okay what
could have caused it besides my immune
if there is something like this is the
first time I really want to get checked
out
but have you been a guy who gets colds
on a regular basis no no this is my
first time in a hospital
besides the concussion really yeah so no
I get one I get one called a year in
December about December 14th every
single year that's just the time it
comes so do you start thinking around
December 10 oh fuck yeah 100% I know
it's coming maybe mine fuck yourself
maybe so but my wife knows it's coming
she's oh it's about your time and I
guess that's like a period yeah so it's
the thing where I just feel like you
know I get that one cold but when I went
to the doctor now I'm like okay let me
investigate and get a full checkup from
the dude that saved my life like
everything yeah to see if there's any
underlying let me know that's that I'm
very curious I have to think it's a
travel I mean especially listening that
schedule flying to New York doing all
those shows flying back and of course
every time you fly you're tired yeah you
know always you have to get up in the
morning get the flight and fly back and
the time zones all fucked up and the
fact you went immediately to Vegas and
drove four and back in the same day yeah
and then this was at the time where
people didn't even wear masks in the
plane you know
I wore one cuz my wife made me she but
it didn't help
well it sounds like we know exactly
where you got it
yeah it was New York I got those guys
that were you were with yeah so Mass I
didn't have a Mass when I met Michael or
maybe you gave it to them
no I don't think so yeah I know I didn't
have it this is why I know I didn't have
it is because the two comics didn't get
it and they were with me there and then
one flew back with me and the only time
they weren't around me and this was the
last show of the whole weekend so I
didn't see those comics the day after so
I know I got it from them because the
other comics didn't get it well my
friend Sturgill got it when he was
traveling Europe then when he came home
he's with his wife and kids no one got
it just him see I
I bet you if he test it is white for
ants but they'll test it they didn't
have it hmm at the same time they tested
everyone does did huh
cuz my wife thinks she got we got the
antibody test so we're waiting to see oh
she thinks she has the antibodies one
minute why didn't dandy buddy test why
didn't it still stick like 15 minutes
oh we're not Joe Rogan we got the one
where you got to go in and takes two
days swab the nose swab or the finger
prick no no they draw your blood oh it's
the aunt it's the FDA one I guess so now
that's available like at some place down
the street from our house so she wants
to go get it
it's just she can we couldn't find time
because the kids you know love her
around and so when is it we get the
results tomorrow okay but I took the
I've taken to corona test I took one
before I came here like three days wife
just brushed it off you're never gonna
hear the end of it I think she did she
said oh yeah I had a fever for a day and
the kids had one for half a day all
right but I think I got that I know I
got that stream from New York and it hit
me hard man dude I think it's travel I
really do I'm talking to all my comedian
friends everybody that I've had here
that hasn't been traveling like dude I
have never felt better in my life
mmm-hmm I feel great because we're not
traveling every weekend yeah if that
shit sterile I think it's like drinking
every weekend I really think it's
similar I think it's like it's like
you're beating yourself up and also I'm
the guy that will well do the show leave
the club at 1:00 and they get on the 6
a.m. and that's what I did too well I
did Wendy Williams so I flew up that
night but usually the two weeks before
that I do the Late Show fly out first
flight out because I want to be with my
family I did the exact same thing and so
I did in Florida and then literally
you're laying around all day going what
the fuck did I do to myself right and
you feel horrible the whole day exact
you can't even function exactly where I
think I'm on that new pattern wing
comedy picks up again it's like yeah I'm
gonna take the three or four o'clock out
I'm gonna take my time you're leaving
yeah because I'm worn out and you don't
recover till Monday or Tuesday sometimes
when you when you do like four shows
yeah
when your Apple yeah I mean if you can
get that IV vitamin drip to man that's a
big one I learned that trick from
Chapelle oh yeah why did Giggs with him
we we would be out late and then the
next day he's got a nurse that comes to
the hotel we're all sitting around
talking shit with IVs like there was a
tree like the bag was like like branches
of the tree was like Don ELLs on one
branch I'm on another branch and we're
all getting IV vitamin drips in the
hotel room like this is so weird
but it's so effective after you get it
you're like fuck I feel amazing is that
what got you into him yes oh wow and
then few of my friends get into it they
they do vitamin drips I've heard about
it before I did it yeah I'm all for it
we know Jamie and I do it every week we
we do every Wednesday we have a nurse
comes in here and they give us an nad
drip and an IV vitamin drip wait is the
NAD is what we talked about last time
mm-hmm
and they do that shit that lengthens
your telomeres yeah how does that make
you feel any different great I'm a
hundred percent in believe that it's
made a big difference you you feel
saying yeah it works it does something
yeah dr. David Sinclair had been here
and from Harvard and he explained it to
us what nad does and nmn which is a
precursor to nad you could take that in
pill form as well now is the nad a slow
drip does it take longer well you could
do it slow or you could do it fast but
if you do it fast it's really painful
you do it fast don't you I do I do it
wide open it takes 13 minutes usually
supposed to take two hours what kind of
pain you're going through it's not good
Jamie do you go wide open not one out
wide but I've been doing in like 3540
minutes it's uncomfortable what does it
feel like like your guts you got to run
fire it feels like you'd swallowed hot
sauce or something like you're in agony
yeah it's not doesn't feel good if you
do it over a long period you barely feel
it at all the first time we did it she
goes do you want to do it fast or slow
I'll go let's do it pretty fast and so
she did it
one hour and I'm like oh it's kind of
uncomfortable but it's not that big a
deal it's like everything else man when
people talking about the swab like oh my
god the swab is so awful it's so awful
it's not it's like it's just it's you
get it in there it's like for a second
yeah but the IV and ad it when you do it
what I do is I have them open it wide up
so the the bag drains in 13 minutes and
beast just but it's 13 minutes versus
and whether you an hour of feeling like
shit or 30 minutes or really feeling
like shit I'll take the 13 okay after
the 13 minutes though is it done like
yeah the pain just goes away as soon as
the drip is done exactly exactly
it lasts like an extra couple of minutes
and then I do the IV vitamin bag after
that and that's nice and that's nothing
that literally like nothing
dude that's beast my friend was telling
me about that yeah yeah you should try
it it feels real weird like the people
that told me about it like it feels like
your guts are on fire I'm like how is
that possible like what it's but it's an
IV like what is it but it's just like
you feel it in your chest it feels
really uncomfortable this is what it
feels like if I could show you with it
for 13 minutes just yeah suck it up open
it wide up I try I got tried it first
I'll open that white up my feels that's
like is it instant like you as soon as
they open it up you felt it oh yeah
right away because the drips just flown
into your veins yeah uh-huh
no I would be there that would be the
hour hour and a half dude I can't I'm
not no no no no no I when stuff goes in
me yeah I I'm scared
I hear David Goggins going stay don't be
a pussy
open it up open it up it's not I would
rather go to 30 I was mocked
but Jamie goes pretty fast that now that
okay so it's my explanation of it is
it's like it a little exponentially it
goes up that 25 30 minute range sucks
but any faster than that it sucks hard
like I start feeling at my fingers it's
a big suckers like it sucked so when you
open that bitch wide and you do the 13
minute jammy
30 minutes is as fast as I can do it I
told them and then I also put the the
the tree the fucking pole where the IV's
hanging I put it on a table so it's more
drag gravity oh great so did it go any
faster it's 13 minutes too fast as you
can guys as you can go yeah but it's
just it's just pain I want to feel it
too I want to know what it feels like
like it's a mile so I would play a
little mind game myself I mean it's your
thing
I respect - I want to have control over
what what I assigned to sensations so
does it does the pain lesson every time
you do it or is not so no no you don't
build up at all no I get nervous every
week every week right before I do it on
my fuck here we go I just kept myself in
the mindset and then once it's happening
it's just happening okay did I watch
Jerry Seinfeld this time that distracted
the shit out of me Tiger King distracted
the shit out of me
did you like Tiger King yes I love like
you it's amazing to me how some people
just live yeah like that so disconnected
yeah there's a certain special type of
person that is like really into those
goddamn big cats to like that's one
thing that I got out of that like
there's a special type of person that's
into like having big cats in their
backyard and shit have you ever messed
with a cat no oh yeah a little cat that
I had it's a little fucking baby cat I'm
scared as fuck of that thing I told you
how I created that thing
threw a blanket over it or whatever it
was yeah I just I just find when you
give certain people lots of land they'll
do crazy shit to it gun range yeah my
friend has this ranch in Austin Texas in
the middle of nowhere
and he always asked me to go they got
guns they show they blow up cars they
dynamite so Texas they ride horses and
I'm like no cuz I can't see myself and
I'm a worried Rhett I could see myself
going there and getting shot on accident
like they're that do they drink fish you
guns they drink and then shoot them
blowing up cars when they're drunk like
that's them he has a lot of money so he
just gets used cars puts him out to feel
bad if he dies that way hey he's a good
friend he parties hard if you drink and
shoot guns and something goes wrong
people like well what'd you think was
gonna happen
yeah here's a helicopter well now he's
an oil business oh there you go
Texas so like I just see them in a
copter drinking like this is on he sends
me the video and then shooting a car it
blows up for a helicopter this is a
special place
that's real freedom they don't give a
fuck down there no they don't often
Texas where my friend Adam lives Adam
Curry he's already eaten at restaurants
he sent me this is like before I went to
Florida he sent me a message said he
went to a restaurant they didn't wear a
mask everybody's eating normal like
isn't it crazy how quickly that went
away oh yeah well I think I think people
now are just accepting people gonna die
like if the president just came out and
say look a lot of people gonna die but
that's for to us to get back we need to
go out so it's almost like a herd
immunity but if you say something like
that people are gonna go crazy like how
callous are you to say it you can't say
it that way they won't go crazy you know
why because right now in America it's so
divided where no matter what Trump says
world's gonna go nuts his bass fine with
it you know so it's gonna be the same we
would think do you say that but if
someone in your family does something
and then goes out and dies because but
that's happening now that's happening
now what do you mean people are going
out with no masks and they catch the
stuff and then 80,000 people are dead so
that's somebody's families those people
are in what I want to know and he's
saying people that are dying what are
the extenuating circumstances how many
of them are old so I read something I
need to know if this is true someone
said that the Google dis the average age
of people who have died from the corona
virus is older than the average age that
people die hmm I haven't heard that yeah
but I've read that I've heard 60 and up
I was on the way out the door I was like
god I gotta remember to look at that
I heard I've read stuff like I said
there's so many different stories out
there but I've heard that Korona are
killing people a decade before they're
supposed to die but yeah when you say
that though that's when you're that old
anything can kill you absolutely right
when you're 75 years old and you get the
flu you have a very high likelihood
you're gonna die it's much higher than
if you're 35 years and then you get the
flu that's like with everything you know
so what are we gonna do when the flu
comes around are we gonna change our
behavior are we going to isolate and
social distance each other when the flu
is but the difference for the flu you
have a vaccine you sometimes have some
time yeah but at least there's comfort
yes
just something to this shot exactly yeah
but what Corona you know have that yet
so and the problem is it just started
mm-hmm you know so you have no answers
and literally a new strain could come
out they don't even know if it mutates
yet you know they saying it doesn't well
they think it does it does they think
that in India they have a completely
different strain that will if they come
up with a vaccine for the corona virus
that we have here it won't be effective
on the corona virus that they have in
India see I mean so like there's so many
things that's it's just not known that's
what makes it scary to people and that's
why I still miss in from so that was a
sigh here
table from the CDC's updated as of I
guess last week okay but this is not
what I'm looking for giving me two broad
ones written that article though I don't
know how they're to find it though yeah
no one wrote that order I mean I can't
find like that specific question did you
ask it that way the average age of
people dying from corona virus is older
than the average age that people die
it's that in this is the article that
comes up so it says 85 years thirteen
thousand seventy five to eighty four
twelve thousand 65 to 74 nine thousand
you know the Cova dead in this column so
the average age people die is somewhere
in the range of 75 Society 8.5 for one I
typed it in so seventy eight point five
four is when people die so seventy five
to eighty four years old would be the
average age people die and that's twelve
thousand people over eighty five is
thirteen thousand people so that's the
vast majority of people the larger
number of people is this seventy five to
eighty four to eighty five-year-old five
plus year old so that does make sense
that is correct then Wow
I keep staring at that forty five to
fifty four numbers said it could have
been two two six three it's it's
relatively small yeah the younger people
and then when you get to fifteen to
twenty four zillion forty eight deaths
five to fourteen four deaths one to four
two deaths under four under one four
deaths so yeah so I mean it's not good
when anybody dies ninety disease but
this is it is interesting and it points
to the immune system it points to
whether or not your immune system can
fight it off
yeah I let me tell you I'm staying like
I'm doing the trips i'ma get a drip
later this week I had one a couple weeks
ago cuz I've always been in the dreams
eat do you eat well Miller no more yeah
what do you eat well I wake up eat
oatmeal in the morning not really good
avocado avocado is pretty good yeah
it'll just carbs okay and then I'm just
telling what I then for lunch I eat the
same thing every day I have
Turkey Bowl it's just turkey rice and
beans and then for dinner I'll have a
salad flavor yeah I'm not in I'm not a
foodie really at all like I don't like
yeah okay I'm like a robot I could eat
the same thing every single day I do eat
the same thing every single day really
yeah maybe that's your problem eating
the same thing boring ass bullshit food
and then I eat a salad at night with
like fish or chicken or something like
that I am boring my wife is like yeah
I'll switch it up when she wants to eat
but as far as me but I like in college I
did that you know like you wake up in
the morning when you play college
football you eat this afternoon you eat
this like I was on creatine like we're a
testicle for creatine so they gave us
that six times a day but you had to stay
on this certain diet I gained like
almost 60 pounds and like a year
creatine put some weight on yeah made my
face fat yeah Wow Samoan yeah I turned
Samoan that's why we retain so much
water that's the interesting thing about
when I did the carnivore diet I did the
carnivore diet I wound up losing I think
somewhere around 13 pounds in a month
and I got ripped I got really shredded
but also your muscles get smaller like
everything got smaller my face got
smaller everything got smaller because
you your body's retaining less water
because you don't have glucose in your
system you know have as much glycogen
it's different you're not eating
carbohydrates I wasn't any carbohydrates
okay so since I'm sorry what what should
I be starting with it's good
carbohydrates yeah oatmeal's with
blueberries a good way to get started
uh-huh when do you like to work out you
work out in the mall I wake up
I drink first and then work out no I
drink three cups of water mmm
work out I mean three cups of water then
I have a little shake with that layered
stuff mm-hmm
the superfood mm-hmm so I have that and
then I work out well that's good yeah
that's not bad yeah I mean it's a little
something something I've done both I do
fasted to exercise so
I'll not eat for 16 hours and then I get
up in the morning and now either run or
I'll do yoga or on a crazy day I'll do
both I'll run with the dog for an hour
and then I'll go and do yoga class for
an hour and a half none no food but I'm
pretty wrecked but time the yeah I I
sometimes do the fast thing too and I'll
run and then I'll go work out and I feel
great but if you get through it
you feel so good mm-hmm like and you
feel like you did something yeah you did
something that you will get some you
struggle the struggle is real what I
like is fruit before I work out it seems
like that's the like today I had some
bananas and then added some kickboxing I
feel like there's something about fruit
where it's not heavy it's not gonna fuck
with my dike if I'm working out really
hard and I'm digesting food it feels
like shit yeah it feels terrible but for
me oranges apples fruit some blueberries
that's nice it gives me just a little
bit of sugar a little bit of just to get
me going I'll drink some coffee and then
I can get a good workout in it's just
enough fuel to power me through a
workout I've tried both ways I
definitely could work out harder when I
have some fuel I watch TV there's a
habit a couple of weeks ago and I
started laughing because all that popped
into my head was you when they released
the footage of those UFOs but wasn't
that released like a year ago well it
was leaked the Pentagon finally in the
middle of the pandemic what a great time
to just admit there's UFOs because I'm
one of the things that I said on my
Instagram I was like in any other time
in history if the government came out
and said there are flying saucers that
defy our understanding of propulsion and
physics the world will go crazy but in
2020 people like yeah there's nothing
that has anybody seen those pilots well
I've had one of them on here oh so he
doesn't believe it yeah doctor commander
David flavor I had him on the podcast
and he was explaining the whole thing to
me like his experience off the coast of
San Diego running into one of these
things I mean there's people that are
debunkers then they need to
and this is not just visual they they
had very specific like actual real data
including radar they track these things
they use sophisticated military tracking
these are real objects this is not like
there's a lot of dummies out there that
want debunk everything mm-hmm and
they're just as much of a religious
person as someone who's a true believer
they're a true believer that everything
can be explained
well not everything can be explained and
these things can't be explained when the
when they're explaining how these things
traveled at these propellers they went
from like six feet off the ground a
60,000 feet in a matter of a couple of
seconds they fly in some way that these
military aircraft pilots can't explain
they don't understand it and they don't
know what they are
now whether they're from another planet
that's never been proven they might be
interdimensional they might be something
from here they might be some super
sophisticated top of the food chain
top-secret stuff that they're exposing
these people to just so they freak out
and like let's let's see if they can get
a you know get an explanation for this
let's let's launch these things and have
them fly past people at these
preposterous rates of speed and see what
the reaction is do you think those those
type of secrets if there are are higher
than the president do you really do you
think there's an organization that's
above president 100% ninety percent
here's why presidents come and go yeah
I'm every four years we're gonna trust
some dipshit who wins a popularity
contest Trump's a perfect example of
that here's the guy who's not even a
politician lifelong businessman who wins
a popularity contest gets to be in the
most powerful office most powerful
position really the world's ever known
president United States
commander-in-chief of the greatest army
this entire planet has ever seen you
gonna tell him I'm gonna tell Trump
I mean think then go the great Billy's
Obama's from Kenya a Billy's a lot of
you believe that but you know look you
see those birth certificates is like
yeah well and by the way Obama's um when
he was in college
his publicist for his whatever book he
was publishing or whatever I forget what
it was but wrote down as in his bio born
in Kenya so it wasn't just a couple of
people it was literally somebody was
working with Obama wrote down that he
was born in Kenya does that mean he was
born in Kenya no it doesn't it might
mean that the publicist thought it would
be cool to say that I was born in Kenya
cuz it'll make wow this guy's gone so
far and look at him now he's at Harvard
he was born in Kenya it's inter makes
for a better story it makes for a better
story yeah so you have to take all the
possibilities into consideration you
know but anyway Oh Trump was a he was
that was his thing he was a birther
right yeah he believes a lot of wacky
shit and and if you gave him access to
that he would have definitely told us
stuff by now of course Carter said that
he would he said that he had actually
seen a UFO and that if he got into the
office he would tell everybody and he
got into office and invasion didn't say
shit I really think when people go in
there man like if you're president they
say this is what we can keep you alive
on if you talk about this we can't we
can't protect you like I honestly think
they they have that conversation well if
you look at what Obama said before he
got into office versus what he did when
he got an office there's two possible
scenarios one he got an office and then
he got compromised and he became corrupt
and it became a part of the system to
his understanding when he was running
for president of what the how the world
really works is vastly different than
how the world actually works and then
once you get in there you realized that
the huge spectrum of threats to the
United States and to people that are
coming from all around the world
all the time and what needs to be done
to mitigate these threats I'm more
inclined to believe the latter I think
that's more like that I think I think
you have these idealistic perspectives
that once you get into office they get
sort of dashed and you go holy shit
you're like oh everybody wants that's
why they all look old too I think the
pressure that they're like what the fuck
I think the whole world's barely keeping
it together every day every day of the
year
barely keeping it together you got like
this fucking Libya's a failed state
they're having slave auctions on YouTube
and you've got Isis's plot plotting
these fucking these attacks here and
this group and Boko Haram is doing this
and fucking al-qaeda is doing that and
Taliban and all day China's doing this
and North Korea's got that and I think
every fucking president deals with a new
series of potential terrorist attacks a
new series of religious fanatics that
want to blow things up and kill people
and you've got white nationalists that
are going to Christchurch New Zealand
and shooting people at a mosque it's
like all day long you've got madness and
if you're the one person that won the
popularity contest and all of a sudden
you're sitting in the fucking control
room and they're explaining everything
to you like the Situation Room with Wolf
Blitzer breaking news every time they
come up breaking news breaking
everything it's madness it's madness
that's what I think I think all day long
it's madness
yeah it's it's scary man it's scary they
keep Trump in the dark they feed him at
all and let them watch Keeping Up with
the Kardashians just tweets about people
he's mad at how I'm gonna let man you
preach are shit he gets mad at people I
mean how crazy is is that our president
just tweets all that tweet I think over
the weekend 126 times or retweet throw I
don't even have time to tweet you know
when I so rare that I tweet something
most of my tweets come from Instagram
I'll post a picture on Instagram and
that gets tweeted that's that's the most
of time if I tweet once in a day it's a
lot that's a crazy down I wonder if
somebody runs do you think somebody runs
his account and you think it's actually
him what I do yes I do yes I do
I don't see because I'm but I really
believe that because I think that if you
look at his pattern before he was ever
president that's how he didn't know
you should always just talk shit it's
the way he gets the word out and it's
you know it's real controversial man I
mean because some of the things that he
says like he's threatening people like
he's threatened North Korea with with
missiles and shit did you think that
dictator was dead when that came out I'm
jumping
I was hoping he's dead cuz I wanted to
see what happens if his sister takes
over I thought that'd be fun
she has my name yo that was pretty cool
because I am Korean yeah we got a yo got
a yo in the house yeah I was I was
thinking but apparently Jaime said that
the story is that he faked his own death
so that he could find out who the
traitors were good plan makes sense
makes sense to me yeah if you look and
I'm like he says heart attack like okay
look at him yeah looks like he's ready
for a hard day well then that must also
mean he's threatened in some way to
where there's some listen when you're a
fuckin dictator no everyday it's like
think of the horrible shit he's done he
killed his own uncle Randy in his own
uncle killed and his brother yeah and
his brother in it the uncles brother
right or his brother no his I believe
you got it that's the airport one where
he killed his brother in an airport yeah
um they gave him some poison or
something Oh allegedly yeah I don't know
about that but didn't he he killed
someone with a missile oh yeah
blew him up yeah I think it was his
uncle yeah anyone that was do do a poll
and then fucking hid behind a rock like
like anyone I guess that could take
power or in the realm of taking power he
got rid of him yeah they said that I
can't I don't know their numbers but
let's say 13 people or like his father's
crew like only two of them survived the
rest the other 11 through like
disappeared well you gotta think once he
assumes power and people realize like
this guy's just born into power and it
was probably a lot of people plotting
against him or military people plot
against him and that's a dark country
where they all plot against each other
and they all rat on each other it's
built into the system you know that
they're all supposed to
tattletale on each other I just feel
like you know this dude came in like a
football coach was like I'm firing
everybody I'm gonna have my own team
it's not firing people who just killed
him I think that's what they do over
there man I don't know but my mom she's
from South Korea she's like she's always
asked oh it's North Korea if we're gonna
do something to South Korea she's like
nah
like people from there Seema's no threat
that's what's crazy
it's a sad country yeah sad and a lot of
the reason why it's the way it is is the
United States is interference mm-hmm you
know I mean if you look at the history
of North Korea like how it got started
and what why they became this horrific
military military dictatorship you can
kind of trace a good chunk of it to
American policy uh-huh and what we did
in Korea was during the Korean War
it's fuckin crazy shit yeah it's it's
this world I mean it's just nuts like I
don't know if you saw the video of that
kid that was jogging Ahmad yes I mean
what is going on like I'm not surprised
I can say I'm not surprised like
something went if ik it's harissa the
guy in the back of the pickup truck with
a shotgun the other guy jumps out and
he's trying to grab the shotgun from
them they shoot him like what my thing
is how do we have laws that say that you
could chase somebody with guns and
here's the thing if you notice in the
video the truck is in front of them so
they chase them got in front of them the
guy that's running behind him it's
almost like like a mod was trapped a guy
chasing you with a camera the truck was
already pulled up so it was certainly
trapped I mean there's chased him down
and it's vigilantism even look even if
he did something me I don't even know if
he did anything no he said he was just
right but no there's actually photograph
there's videos of him walking into a
house being built like it's just wood
inside right he looked at it what I told
my wife when I would do that shit when I
was a kid me too I was telling my wife
we just did that the other day they're
building a house and we just oh let's
see where this is and and any jogs on
didn't steal anything
didn't have anything just jogging now
how do we come to a point in our country
where two men can chase him down with
gun
and then get in a fight with him and
then say it was self-defense well I
think Georgia has some crazy laws
citizens or citizen's arrest
and also they have ties to law
enforcement yes the father was with the
DEA and then the prosecutor the local
prosecutor wrote this letter that said
basically he burglarized the kid Ahmad
burglarized something which he didn't
and they had every right to pull him
over and when he didn't stop they got in
a fight and so they had every right to
kill him so now the the government came
in like the big dogs came in and then
they arrested two people in two days and
it was just like uh we don't think so
and here's a thing social media I did it
did took the outrage of people finding
out about the case but when I found out
that it happened months ago
Oh to 23 February 20 I mean Jerry
February 23rd months these guys were out
and they knew that they had shot him and
then he really had the video here's it's
really crazy the video was released by
their own lawyer you know why because
they thought it showed that the guy
tried to take the gun away
look there's gonna free you when I'm
doing the southern accident release the
video and then everyone's gonna know
that dude released the video and this is
what I heard he released that it helped
he helped them because the guy didn't
stop when they tried to pull him over
fuck imagine being a 25 year old black
man and two white guys in the back of a
pickup truck with shotguns pull over and
there's no one else around
holy what was the kid's supposed to do
just stop and talk to two men with guns
exactly it's it's and then and then I
was listening to reports like before
this video even came out here's what's
crazy is the police had the video at the
beginning and they still dismissed it
they had this at the beginning they
didn't release it the lawyer released it
like you said so they had it at the
beginning that the lawyer thought that
that was gonna help his clients you know
what I think and I don't know much about
the person that shot it but if I'm
guessing everybody stoned out I think he
shot the video whoever this guy was
it's almost like a hero video look at
this we caught a guy that burglarized
like they felt like hopeless and then
the guns start going off yeah holy fuck
yeah maybe in vigilantism is scary man
because people just decide that they're
right and they decide that this is the
this is the person and no due process no
try on your part with shotguns drawn
like cops don't even do that man they
turn the lights on first they pull you
over they start talking to them pull the
gun out right away when you just jog in
well some cops - so I but I do think I
mean it's deep south
I mean territory it's it's it's races I
think racism let it to you know well
it's very likely yeah it's very the very
least it has to be considered as of one
of the main components of this
interpretation absolutely I I just feel
that you know anytime you bring up race
you'll have the audience that goes oh
you got to bring up race but this was a
black guy that got shot by two white
guys with shotguns let's take away race
let's say the two guys shot a white guy
that was jogging it's still wrong yeah
you know it's still wrong if even if you
take the potential racism out take it
out you got a 25 year old just kid who's
out jogging yeah those guys pull out
with shotguns and tell them to you know
hey we want to talk to you like fuck
well you've heard this some people don't
even think racism is real like oh
there's no racism in America
I mean I've races people believe it's
like saying sexism isn't real but they
don't think it's because it is you know
like you said something at The Comedy
Store and it may have been in wanting
specials where you were talking about
something and you said that's only for
people ago yeah the United States 1776
yeah
that's only for people go three people
go three people effect so if you think
about that right three people go people
own people own people so you were racist
and then your kids were racist yeah my
dad is that third level being black had
to go through racism so words still in
it it can't go away that fast
takes a long time to go away when you've
got the roots of it that's still deeply
embedded in these cities right like yeah
this is like Baltimore Georgia's red
lines where you weren't even allowed to
sell a home to someone who was black in
certain districts yeah it was illegal I
mean my dad has a PhD in nuclear physics
and hat went to a college where he
couldn't even eat at restaurants on
campus and where was that
he went to Oklahoma State at certain
restaurants on campus what year was this
well he's 75 so sixties so during the
civil rights all the riots and he left
my dad was in marches to try to get the
local restaurant to let him in so it's a
thing where I when people go racism
isn't that bad
my dad is only 75 right right and he
went through it during his life during
his lifetime right now so and this is
when and this is when my dad was telling
me when he was growing up this is how
great my dad said he didn't even know he
was poor growing up because they never
left the area they couldn't go anywhere
he never knew they were poor he never
saw white people because they weren't
allowed to go anywhere anyway so he
never knew they were in poverty you know
I was reading this horrible story about
even after slavery was abolished one of
the things that they would do was they
would capture black men for loitering
and forced them into going into labor
camps so they would literally enforce
slavery but do slavery by having them in
prison yep and forcing them to do labor
now when I'm the reason why bring this
up right now
there was a garbage strike garbage
workers strike and so they brought in
prisoners they kicked find out where
this is they this is I don't remember
where it was but I was reading I was
like what in the fuck so these guys the
garbage men made $10 an hour they fired
all the striking garbage men and brought
in prisoners to do this here it is
prison labor replaces striking garbage
workers in New Orleans
stop and think about that they said you
know what you you want more than $10 an
hour I got a better idea we'll get
people to do it for free so they're
essentially
reigniting slavery up in New Orleans
when it comes to taking care of garbage
yeah I mean it's still real but the fact
that they think that's okay that this is
like well I got a solution yeah and the
fact you don't think someone should get
more than $10 an hour to fucking take
care of people's garbage that's it's
insane it's insane and bringing in
literally slaves yeah well they
shouldn't have done that they'll be paid
only thirteen percent of what garbage
makers so the garbage workers who are
only making ten dollars and 25 cents an
hour so they're gonna get 13% of that
which is what is that is that I got buck
fifty it's lower than that it's like
seventy five cents right it's about a
dollar
probably dollar fuck fuck I mean that's
just modern-day slavery it is slavery
yeah I mean giving them a dollar that's
insane
but some people would say you know
they're inmates they did wrong that's
right hold on but well go scroll back up
there listen this metro services group
has a lot has long been an advocate of
helping persons who have been
incarcerated returned to society in a
meaningful and productive way so the
city sanitation services in a statement
metro makes no apologies for this policy
as a core element of our commitment to
being good corporate citizens under
state rules prison inmates employed by
metro services we paid only 13% of what
garbage workers make fuck what does that
mean yeah but that is that that is so
that is so great it's weird because
there's no end of the quotation my did
it go through how long is it happening
oh this is happening this place the use
of inmates garbage workers say they will
continue to strike in New Orleans they
have built widespread community they've
built widespread community spreads from
unions and community groups but still
that doesn't make any sense they have
built widespread community spreads from
unions and communities but what a weird
sentence from unions and community
groups but still the city has refused to
meet them and discuss their safety
concerns so they have a lot of support
from unions in the community but they
won't meet with them still oh I see
they've built widespread community I
think they want to say have built
widespread community support support
yeah unions and groups yeah they wrote
spreads instead of support I think and
said that they're they aren't trying to
hear us says woods they don't care about
us they would let anything happen see I
mean if we're sick we don't care they
don't care if we spread the disease they
just don't care yeah I mean just a human
being making $10 an hour to do a
full-time job is fucking insane it's
insane and a grown man in a union
mmm-hmm that can't get more than $10 an
hour how fucking crazy is that this is
this is what we're living in and I often
wonder you know I always think about
your three people will go and I go how
long is it gonna take how many people
from us right is it gonna take you know
I'm like maybe five maybe six if the
world is still around well because there
will always be racism some racism not
necessarily always because we could get
to a point where there we're
indistinguishable right yes I get you
but they'll find another they'll find
something now I'm gonna be classism
classism or it'll be it'll be a
financial thing or an intelligence thing
you know unless unless they get to
genetic and engineering unless genetic
engineering reaches a point where
literally there is no disparity in human
beings in terms of intelligence looks
all those things but what is that going
to be like you know there's always going
to be competition there's always gonna
be weirdness right there's always you
know there's always going to be those
women that can bounce back from
pregnancy quicker there's always going
to be men like you know super geniuses
we're knuckleheads like us or scratching
our head they even think of that I
always think that every time I talk to
Elon every time I have that dude
here Mike life isn't fair how's it fair
I'm so much dumber than him and I sit
down and talk to him it's like him
talking to a chimp like you know it's
like he's talking to a toddler but you
can lift more weights I'll fuck him up
he's so much smarter than me like it's
not even close he's a large man - he's
bigger than me - he's the world's not
fair right and unless we figure out a
way to make it fair which is almost he's
going to be prejudiced there's going to
be disparity there's going to be some
people look one thing that I talked to
him about Elon I thought was really
interesting he's got this new thing that
he's working on called neural link and
this Nora link is going to rapidly
increase our ability to access
information and he literally said we're
going to be able to communicate without
talking and I had talked about this on
the podcast before that we're gonna be
able to read each other's minds and I've
said this like what so we don't want
that stoned as a joke it's not matter of
what we want
I think the chimps were like do you know
one day we're gonna have cars that
pollute the earth the chimps like do we
want that they didn't sit around do I
get a gun fuck yeah I'm gonna go to the
fucking Michigan capital and with my gun
yeah you know I mean this is just what
happens whether or not we want that this
is what happens and what he's saying is
essentially that one day with this
neural link you're going to have
incredibly boosted powers of of
cognition you're gonna be a different
thing than you are now so my take on it
was okay well what would be the d'etre
goes well you'd have so much more access
to resources you would be able to get so
much more done you'd be so much more
product productive so that what I was
saying is but what about the people
can't afford this the people that can't
afford it would get so far ahead that
the people you know like before cell
phones were around remember do you
remember the movie Wall Street yeah of
course right remember Michael Douglas
walking around with that stupid puke
he was walking around that big old brick
like like guys guys a baller he's on the
beach he's still talking no everybody
can do that yeah right but there was a
long period of time you know years where
only wealthy people had cell phones all
the time now everyone does but by if
neuro-link happens and some wealthy
people have this insane access to
resources and the same insane bandwidth
and this ability to communicate without
words long before people like you or I
get it
if those billionaires get it first
they're gonna be able to be they'll be
so far ahead of us who says they have to
share it right and then forget about us
what about really poor people they're
gonna be fucked they're gonna be like
these goddamn garbage workers there's
scratch and trying to get more than $10
an hour people that fuck you will will
use slaves literal slaves well then that
goes to your racism thing it becomes the
classism that yes it comes a class so
there's always gonna be something
yep you know what I mean but to me when
a hate is involved with it you know I
think that's where we should draw the
line but that's that's more of where I'm
going is like how many people from us
like where it's just you don't just kill
random people jogging down the street
you know it's hard it's it's hard to
imagine that that still goes on today
right but then when you hear about your
dad and that your dad went to college in
a place where he couldn't eat the same
places as white people you like white on
campus on campus yeah campus in his
lifetime it's changing it's getting
better right that doesn't exist today
and this is what I don't like and I some
black people I don't want to say just
black people but some black people when
they go ah you know my dad hears this
and he always gets mad about it he goes
when they when some black people come
it's no better than it was way back in
the day but there goes excuse me you're
25 years old saying that where I went
through the shit right it is a lot
better a lot better I'm in my house I
can go to any restaurant I want you know
that's interracial relationship doesn't
mean anything anymore no means people to
most people most people don't care at
all and that's the whole thing is that
my dad is
like some black people discredit the
whole journey because they try to just
say ah it's just like it was before no
no yes not read any of Steven Pinker's
work mm-hmm
Steven Pinker is a really really
brilliant guy and one of the things that
he gets criticized for is showing how
much less violent the world is today
how much less crime there is how much
less rape how much less murder and this
is essentially the safest place the
safest time ever in human history and in
people like your dis discrediting all of
the horrors that happen he's like no not
no no I'm not I'm not dismissing all the
terrible things that happen in the world
but we're saying even though those
things do exist they exist at a far less
frequent time far less far less
frequently then did a hundred years ago
two hundred years ago and any time
throughout human history there's a trend
and that trend as a society is getting
safer
people are getting nicer and people are
getting they're getting better like
we're growing and learning well I also
think now like I'm from my family my dad
side I'm the first person that dealt
with look like I would say I deal with
racism but not on the scale my dad dealt
with it not and my dad didn't deal with
it on the scale his father my
grandfather dealt with it so it's kind
of like and I'm teaching my kids not to
be that way so I feel like these kids
that are young growing up they're gonna
be so much more sensitive towards other
people yeah then we were for sure
because we were still I wouldn't say
like in it in it but we were in it like
in my household you know what I mean
like my dad you know would tell me
stories of what happened to him and I
was like wow you went through that but I
went to a school in Houston Texas where
I stood out my parents were the only
mixed couple I was the only mixed kid at
our school like I I believe because I
didn't it wasn't even a thing you know
like people go you look different
kids would come up to me go what are you
and I were like mom what am i my dad was
like tell me black and Asian you know so
it's it's what I was but nobody on my
block
we're interracial is either black
couples or white couples and my parents
were
like before the trend you know and it's
a thing where I saw what happened to my
mom didn't teach me to be my mom didn't
teach me anything about my Korean
heritage because people made fun of her
accent so she didn't want me to go
through that so she tried to Americanize
me as fast as possible you know my dad
he's that I don't give a shit guy you
know he's like there's ignorant people I
don't care
they can say what they want you know his
favorite word is the n-word you know
what I mean so he loves the watch move
my dad is so crazy
he loves to watch movies with the n-word
in it because he says that's real that's
how it really was I think that Leonardo
DiCaprio movie was samuel l.jackson the
band of eight or something like that it
was called flee hateful eight favorite
movie he goes cuz that's how you used to
end work like they said at that normally
like he loves the realness of that you
know he's just crazy like he's 75 he's
gone through some shit yeah it's his
different world different world that he
went through this is one thing that I
when you know people complain about
social justice warriors and the
ridiculous
calling out of everything being racist
and everything being sexist and I agree
but the fact that that is the trend that
a lot of these young people are going in
there's it's too far in a lot of ways
but it'll all balance out like you've
got to have that sort of overwhelming
left-leaning ideology and then it's
overwhelming right-leaning ideology for
people to see what is rational yeah
what's rational but the trend seems to
be in a positive way like it seems to
all be going in a positive way like it
seems to be like racism is way less
tolerated amongst most of the people
that are in the middle most of people
that aren't crazy and aren't aren't you
know aren't overly sensitive like it
seems like things are balancing out yeah
it's the problem is the older people
yeah that's what Corona Corona is doing
it but not cuz your mom just check it
off oh my god talking shit
like literally money talking like you
don't understand that conversation I
wish I was there oh my god Oh dad didn't
get it no editing get antibody test nah
my dad my dad only been to the doctor
once my dad went to the doctor
three years ago I was having my son me
my wife her having her son and I said
dad I want you around for my son you
need to go to the doctor and get a
checkup because every time I go to
doctor all my friends go there if you go
to doctor you die like he feels if you
see a doctor you're gonna die she's
crying you know so he's like I'm 72 at
that time I'm fine I'm not going to
somebody decides to go because I begged
him to my mom's beat breast cancer twice
throat cancer all types of cancers my
mom goes calls me after his checkup
after that she goes nothing's wrong with
you like she was mad about throat cancer
well she had breast cancer and they you
know they do the scan and they found
like the second time I remember we
having this big thing cuz she beat at
once I was younger and I really
understand it you know I was like nine
so you don't grasp her but at thirty-one
really hurt me and she's really into
Jesus and I know that's messed up you're
hot of Koreans yeah I mean she's super
religious so I said mom how at that time
I was a different person I was like your
God you know gave you breast cancer
again how's that good and she goes well
if I wouldn't got breast cancer I
wouldn't known I had throat cancer you
know so she found the positive of it
whoa yeah so that's the only reason she
knew she had through you like bulimic
God gave you yeah fuck she was in a
hospital I don't want to argue but it's
a thing where my mom called me was so
funny because she was so mad that my dad
didn't have something he's only in like
I'm 45 now in my 45 years that's the
first time he's gone to the doctor and
is your dad active he wants to two hours
every day oh that's great on his
treadmill and he watches all these
like shows oh that's great yeah that's a
great way to do it yeah cuz you and
you're on a treadmill you don't even
notice what's going on you know like if
you're watching something if you watched
something entertaining like I was saying
I was watching Tiger king walls getting
you don't even know as long as you're
watching something I learned that when
Ari and Tom and Burt and I did that
sober October yeah like you could get so
much more cardio done while you're
watching a movie
absolutely you don't even notice so my
dad walked at two you know the speed to
any walks for two hours and watch it
shows so about six months ago my mom
calls me your dad flew off the treadmill
so he walks in his underwear I'm finding
all this up he walks in his underwear
and he accidentally wasn't paying
attention and he hit the one before the
two whole leg was just shred it like
like scars and ever thought God oh my
god you know me I'm a guy I started
sending them emojis of people flying off
but he's back on it I was like dad you
need to get a step or something right
now I'm a walk so he's back on it though
Wow he's he's crazy like my dad is a
no-shit type of guy and he's that dude
like when I died I you know I don't care
where you put me you should get your dad
on our podcast oh I'm gonna get my
parents on mine yeah
as your dad been on not yet but they
talk so much it's like it's amazing like
oh my Instagram there's videos of them
like they're in an argument
my dad is telling my mom that's Korean
that Asian people don't know how to
drive and they're just arguing about it
in the Instagram oh yeah it's somewhere
on there it's probably deeper tell
people to find it yeah it's on there but
but my mom is like yeah Asian people
can't drive but Korean people can no
he's like that's the same damn thing you
know so that's ever since I was gonna
that's the relationship that's it's so
fast they've always been talking about
uppers they're one of those man so fun
it's so funny that you is mad that you
didn't have
wrong with him Oh angry the way she said
it Joe the way she said it she goes hey
so we got results your dad not sick at
all he have nothing wrong with him I'm
like mom you should be happy about this
moon they're crazy they're crazy but the
world is crazy right now but I you know
I just I just hope it gets better
I just hope we can get I don't want to
sell my Rodney King it's gonna take some
time
yeah I'll take longer than everybody
thinks I think everybody thinks it's
gonna all clean up real quick and I
don't think so
I think we're in this for a couple years
the qur'anic yeah that's what I think
yeah 100% but my thing about opening up
the country is it's it's not about you
opening up the country I just don't feel
in a lot of places people were
comfortable even going out like I
wouldn't go to a restaurant in LA right
now I would yeah yeah I think people are
gonna get used to it I think people need
to for sure need to take care of their
immune system yeah very important and
and people need to educate themselves
and we need to understand the value of
your health because for the longest time
when we didn't have something like this
there's a lot of people that are like
barely hanging on health-wise and any
little thing can set them off but but
when I say go to a restaurant I got to
go with a five month a year old yeah the
whole family yeah but yeah I'm not no
way when I take a five month old I think
your your real concern for sure is
people that have issues that's the ideal
concern and the real concern is coming
home like you know your mom shook it off
but some mom's not you know some some
older folks are not going to you know we
got to do our best to shield them and
hopefully that REMS des aveer how do you
say that shit yeah I'm testing it right
now yeah apparently there that is really
helping and it's people are recovering
31% faster but it's not stopping you
from dying that's if you're gonna
recover it recovers you like if you're
no that's true no it's true
mr. bean it's not stopping you from it's
it's basically helping people that would
recover anyway
like if if you took 14 days to recover
it channel it changes it to 11 mm but
what if they get it to you early before
the virus has changes saying what they
and they're saying it's not stopping
death it's just helping the people that
would recover recover faster which is
great yeah cuz they can get back out
that's the last I heard but like I said
things changed all the time what you
said about what is this just oh my god I
get it okay
let's we'll we'll end with this because
we're three hours in I'm glad you're
okay brother
thank you and I'm glad we got it just do
this podcast and now we're gonna show
people how crazy to play the whole
[Applause]
Michael yo thank you brother
thank you find you on instagram
instagram at michael yo everything at
michael podcast podcast michael yo show
on iTunes so check it out all right
thanks brother bye everybody
[Laughter]
[Music]